Followed instructions, and never caught a mosquito.
Only 9 figurines arrived and 1 was broken.
Ordered a fan and received supplement pills.
Didn’t like flavour and didn’t mix-up/dissolve well.
The boot was way to stiff and uncomfortable.
The cover was used, scratched and dirty.
Product came already open and falling out.
Item came broken and smashed.
Breadcrumbs were opened and all over my box.
We used it for less than a month and it is broken.
Small and cheap looking.
Pulled off plastic arm and black ink went everywhere.
Looks cheap and ugly.
The face is very distorted and barely looks like a face.
I ordered oil rubbed bronze, and this us what I got.
Bought in January and now the numbers are not showing.
I bought 20 patches and I never felt or saw any changes.
I ordered this and never received my order.
IT DOES NOT WORK - and I guess I am unable to return it.
It cracks easily and does not stick well to the phone.
Unfortunately, this made my neck itch and returned it.
I bought it on the 15th and its already dead on the 21st.
Received yesterday charged all day today and 2 dont work.
It advertised for an electric set and it was battery.
Very repetitive and didn’t seem worth watching.
Way sweeter than I expected and not very spicy.
Doesn't catch mouse's, and easily breaks.
This was cheesy and a boring.
Kind of shiny and not for me.
Not very fresh and very hard to chew.
Great warm and bright light, but they only lasted 1 year.
It’s took forever to 100% charge phone and battery both.
I thought the dolls and clothing would be a hard plastic.
I clearly purchased brown and black was delivered.
Love the item but paper thin and easily crushed.
Didn’t fit my 3 yr old and now my 1 yr old wears them.
I ordered 2 Larges for my dog and they sent me 2 smalls.
First wear of each pair and there are holes.
They are thin and rough but not a bad price for the set.
I just bought the Pixel 3XL and the charge on this is slow.
waist too tight - sent for exchange, and all is not good.
Very cute and very tiny.
It was inexpensive and very cheaply made.
It's so tiny, and difficult to keep the light on.
It was too large, and it was returned.
Very little support, but otherwise cute and fits well.
I loved it, but the sun and rain tore it up too soon.
I recieve requests and have yet to use the products, sorry.
Okay used with several ideas and possibilities.
Bulky case and the kickstand is flimsy.
Very cheap material and poor design.
Nice bowl and very sturdy.
I got a medium and it was way too big for me.
These are nice and cheap but run big.
It is cheaply made and the pen broke almost immediately.
The crate mate is soft and I like the design.
All others are fine and working.
Looked good, but very large and heavy.
I ordered the green frog and received the pink one.
ordered a small and was still too big.
Works well for cutting cilantro and other small items.
Like the look and initial quality of this product.
Works great and reasonably priced.
Super soft and a great fit.
Order arrived on time and as described.
Works but not as nice to turn and use to tighten.
Very nice and great quality.
Good coverage of UK Rugby Easy to install and use.
I like the weight and thickness of the curtains.
Price was nice and installation wasn't hard either.
Very sturdy and looks great.
Wasn’t as big as I was thinking but works and looks great.
Comfortable and thick material in a good way.
Eat with some pecans and pretend it is divinity fudge.
Great game for me and you.
Awesome and comfortable.
product works great and got it quickly in the mail.
This was a cute story and I enjoyed it very much.
Looks great and fit right.
Was good and easy to install.
Heats well and it is lightweight.
My husband does the outdoor grilling and he loves it.
Arrived on time and in one piece.
My kids love this and it's easy for them to use.
As advertised and fast delivery.
Ring is big, beautiful and of good quality.
Great quality and fantastic price.
It is cheap and works.
Came just as expected, good quality and great price.
Well made and good price.
Easy to install and does the job well.
Product fits perfectly, easy to use, looks and feels great.
They fit me well and are very comfortable.
Beautiful piece and made to last a long time.
Love this product, very hydrating and smells like sage.
Maybe took 3 minutes to install and took care of the issue.
Perfect and just my color.
Very comfortable and soft.
Fast delivery and good condition.
Takes care of my sugar cravings and really tastes good.
