I bought 2 of these heaters and both failed in 6 months.
I literally used the hammer one time and the head flew off.
Ordered a 15ft cable and received a 6ft.
Couldn't even make it through this one and I'm a Segal fan.
Never used them and sent them back.
they did not work and all instructions are in Chinese.
Wore them once and they already have holes in the butt.
It didn’t work at all and I want my money back.
I ordered laundry markers and received a set of o rings.
Product came in broken, and some of the gel fell out.
Expensive phone and always has an echo when you use it.
This item is to big and bulky to use.
The seed got moldy and mildew, had to be discarded.
Ordered Hat and they sent a visor.
Q-tips do not fit well and hard to get out.
These gloves are very thin and ripe very easy.
Ordered The Office Stickers and received this.
Very bland tasting and over-priced whole food brand.
installed and two days later solenoid stuck open.
Took forever to get and they were not magnetic.
Too heavy and the straw is poor quality.
These are 4 pin and the Ender 3 is 6 pin.
Too small, not proportionate to upper and lower torso.
too small on the legs and way to big in the feet.
They don't cover the entire ear and are to small.
Does not rub in and I got totally burnt when I used it.
They are cute, but very thin and cheap quality.
The socks have a thin fit and the material is also thin.
Cheap and breaks easily.
The box was mostly cookies and had no real variety.
The strap was too long and very loose.
Didn't use and soon uninstalled.
Has problems connecting to phone and staying in place.
It’s super white and the large was a little big.
Takes to long to soften and is to scratchy.
I asked for a size 8 and received a size 6.
This cookie cutters are tiny and hurt to use.
The chickpeas were very stale and tasteless.
Poor quality and not as described.
Used every day for a week and nothing.
It's cute and would be good for a teen to wear.
Love the look and color but not comfortable at all.
The sprayer was disappointing and does not work well.
It works OK, but just save time and get a better brand.
Great price and works just fine for what I need it for.
Very lightweight and white on the backside.
I tried to contact the seller and did not receive a reply.
Came 2 days late and 2 of the shadows are broken.
Bad quality and cannot return after it’s installed.
has trouble charging and now won't turn on at all.
Very thin bags, low quality finish and thread.
What can I say, it cue chalk and it works.
average at best, cheap price and cheap quality.
Looks and fits great but popped off after 1 week.
Not horrible and kind of funny.
It’s a cute case and good price also.
Not a very good quality and it was small.
Washed 2 or 3 times and it's already fraying.
Fits well and easily installed.
Not bright enough and pictures very unfocused.
Good movie, doesn't move too slow and has an original plot.
As described and comfortable.
The scent is good and it last all day,good item to buy.
It's like a little whip and it stings like heck.
This was a gift and the recipient was pleased.
Exciting and page turning.
The scarf combo is nice and warm.
Very comfortable and good looking shoes.
The clock is well designed and keeps good time.
Good price and seems durable.
this is a good product and works as advertised.
does the job and well priced .
Just a few drops and it's all good.
works well and does the job it's supposed to, feels sturdy.
It’s easy to file a claim and they guide you.
Need for for replacement and the price was right.
Use at the water park and shipping was fast.
Works good and love the color.
Warm and comfortable, but they're about a 1/2 size too big.
Cute and great case- flexible casing as well.
Came early and just as promised.
Easy to read and retain the information.
Product is easy to clean and worth the money.
Very loud and just the right size.
My dog loves these and I like that it’s good for him too.
Great taste and very filling.
Very cute plush and it’s fire back is very very soft.
Comfortable and the waterproofing is great.
Super easy install and it does its job.
Used during a wedding and it held up great.
Great product and easy to use.
Gets Alexa of on the kitchen counter and out of the way.
These look great and they have a nice weight.
Like it and I use it for work.
This was exactly what I wanted and needed.
Works like the original and is a great value.
Excellent value and each unit worked as advertised.
These work great and are great quality.
Gave as a gift and my son in law loved it.
Very smooth and heavy, reminiscent of good quality.
