Kept in sunlight for three full days and never worked.
Got banned and not sure why support is not responding.
I think that it looks very cheap and I do not like it.
Irritates my eyes, makes them watery and blurs vision.
Cheap looking and dull.
Cheap and didn't work .
Lasted 2 days, cracked and fell apart :(.
Arrived ripped and the size is way off.
Wrong sink, wrong color, and not in condition listed.
Does not light up and the fuse is too small to replace.
Good color, nice quality, and too small.
I searched for edible and got cardboard.
The e shine gel cracks and peels off like tape.
very small and didn't serve my purposes.
It fit loosely and didn't work at all.
This product is unstable and not sturdy.
Boots less than 2 months old and falling apart.
Was not water proof and held pockets of water, poor design.
Rather flimsy and not sturdy.
These glasses came bent and crooked.
very narrow and cheaply made.
Bottoms are very small and the top is super long.
White top is very thin and see-through.
Just regular jargon and to much bla bla bla.
It is falling apart and is made cheaply.
Kinda cheap and very under powered.
Very stiff material and uncomfortable.
They DO burn and are much smaller than estimated.
It's very hard to get suction and comes apart while using.
Straps need to be soft and fitting.
Aquaphor is cheaper and works better for me.
Mat is pretty thin and worse slides everywhere.
I could not get this to work and now I am stuck with it.
One bulb already went out and had to be replaced.
The program crashes a lot and loses your progress.
Does not work, and I think it's too late to get a refund.
Belt clip was brittle and broke the first day I used it.
Design pretty but very thin and not worth money.
Wore it once and washed it, hood string unraveled.
Thought it was a hard case and it is not.
Great seller and service.
Narrow and doesn’t cover suv size seats.
Decent scrubber but I thought it spun and it does not.
The handle is hollow and broke shortly after I received it.
Has significant thorns and slow grower.
The front is too big and difficult to go in small areas.
Size too big and thick.
I have ants used all three and haven't caught anything yet.
Descent read and story.
the cap doesnt seal very well and will leak if tipped over.
Works well and it's light.
They break quick, but the do the job and are I expensive.
these were a great buy but super thin and tiny.
Fits well but Fabric is thin and wears quickly.
I personally got flushing and very nauseous on them.
The foot rest is too small and uncomfortable.
Just okay, we tried once and switched back to Huggies.
cover taped and pages falling out.
I had very dry hair and now it’s very smooth.
Sized small and fabric was scratchy.
Is very nice and comfortable.
have bought in the past and will again.
Well made and does what it should.
Works and looks good as expected.
My son loves his backpack and that it glows in the dark.
Great fit and very comfortable.
Is not very sturdy and does not hold much weight.
Easy to use and not drying to the skin.
Cute size, quite durable and they came with labels.
Socks are soft, comfortable and fit very well.
Good product and fit perfectly.
What a lovely book full of atmosphere and suspense.
I expected the balloons and the backdrop.
Well made sharp purple is good and bright.
Purchased it for my 10 month old daughter and she loves it.
I like it and using it every day.
It is a pretty good tea and the cost is not bad.
Very easy to adjust the the height and the display area.
It worked and was easy to operate.
Some times the screen gets a little foggy and hard to read.
Perfect size and very well made.
Lots of compliments and very comfy.
The granddaughter loved it and plays with it a bunch.
Perfect product and very fast shipping A+ Amazon seller.
Cute and handy, I keep mine in my purse.
Material/product is soft and is as shown.
Work great and a great value.
Very hot and with a touch of sweetness I love it.
Work well great and cheap.
I would recommend to family and friends.
These are very comfy and warm they are great for the money.
Arrived on time and as promised.
Good price, and working well on my bike.
Easy to clean and use.
I'm a teacher and this is my new best friend.
I love the flavor of this coffee and it came on time.
Keeps my feet warm and dry during my hikes.
Great product to help with liver function and hangover.
Fit fine and a high quality shoe.
These are great, and my Fender picks fit right inside.
