Have had it less than 2 months and it doesn't work anymore.
Wasn't clear at all and the battery did not last for long.
So poorly made and packaged as to be useless.
This product came broken and now I cannot return it.
All writing on the product and box is in Russian.
It was leaked all over and opened when I got it.
Looked cheap, flimsy, and overall just not good quality.
Missing half the costume and it is too small.
It was damaged when I received it and it was too small.
The audio and charger holes did not line up correctly.
go to your doctor and get some real medicine.
The straps do not stay tight and they leak.
Very thin material and very cheap zipper.
It kept cutting out and introduced a lot of static.
The product didn’t work for me and I have an iPhone 7plus.
Broke and came apart within a few days.
I ordered a pack of 12 bulbs and you delivered 1.
It only worked 2 times then slowed and then stopped.
The lighter I received was defective and would not light.
It didn't fit and seams open up.
I can not use as I ordered an iPhone 5s and received the 7.
Cheaply made and very small.
Very small and not centered.
One of the markers came broken and leaking.
it lasted two years and died.
Just ok, not great and not good.
Not worth it keeps falling apart and won't hold things.
Looks cheap and unremarkable.
After ordering and waiting for longer than necessary.
Contact is sketchy and sometimes not passed.
Heavy, hard, and easily scratched.
It is rather flimsy and does not have a kick stand.
Opening too small and not enough depth to hold them on.
The tiniest amount leaves my hair stringy and oily.
Not as rich and flavorful as we had hoped.
My cat can knock it down over and the food falls out.
so flimsy and massive.
Not a fan of the smell and feel.
Wrappers were kind of stuck closed and difficult to open.
Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn’t.
Bulky, band is too narrow and plastic doesn’t bend.
Very fragile and received mine busted, so I had to return.
Clasps are loose and they keep falling out.
They zipper and latches aren't very sturdy, easily broken.
Good, but hard to put in and stay in your ear.
I ordered a adult medium and received a youth medium.
The light looks cheap and doesn't have a great effect.
Arrived ripped on the side and it very hard to use.
Too heavy and hard to handle.
Chalk pen and was not included.
Opened package today and the item is cracked.
It’s great for the price and does what you need it for.
Bottles need to be slim and tall to fit the front.
They have no support and slip off feet.
ok but too hart to pull out and push in.
To long and dull finish.
Clock is very clear and bright .
I received a pair of lg/xlg and I wear a small.
I bought this and forgot I owned it shortly afterwards.
Used once and they are already stretching out.
Is a good quality product, easy to instal and ergonomic.
Smaller than I expected but it works and its cute.
Very comfy and sturdy.
Case was very supportive and did the job.
Simple to use and appears of good quality.
A better sound and higher volume.
This product keeps my 6mth old baby occupied and engaged.
So far we really like this attenna and it works well.
Beautiful case and feels protective.
These were part of an system upgrade and sound great.
I like it because it’s low profile and lightweight.
Great value and feels like it’s well made.
Great gift for kids and very easy to use.
It feels well made and has held up so far.
Excellent product and good troubleshooting assistance.
I liked that it was easy to use and a good price.
Very cute and seems to be sturdy.
Really cute and good size.
as described and shipped pretty quick.
Was able to use it and connect it with my roku box.
Works well and easy to apply.
Quick delivery and great quality.
These hooks were very easy to install and work great.
Looks great and really made the dash look better.
nice piece of furniture and easy to assemble.
Very good and funny acting by huge stars.
Very thorough and useful.
I really like the scarf and the quality is good.
Came as described and work perfectly.
Super quick and easy to install.
Exactly as described and quick to ship.
Durable and fits furniture well.
all nice and saved me lots of money for the set.
I love my bag and get tickled when I pull it out at work.
I like all the cookie presses and designs.
Far better than the boppy and itsy ritzy covers.
Small, Sleek and great for opening boxes.
Love this thing, it is a ton of fun and works perfect.
Slim and nice looking.
I like the appearance and the quality of the comfort set.
