The BB cream broke me out and made my skin very dry.
It not charging, and doesn't protect the phone.
Multiple cracks and the magnets keep falling out.
It died and no longer works.
It is fine and it is for my use.
Product arrived damaged and I was not able to try it.
It did not update and we ended up returning the product.
They are quite snug and have absolutely no stretch.
Stiff and heavier than I expected.
Figurine was discolored and looked stained.
the straps are too stretchy and they are way too long.
The recipe didn't work well and did not taste good at all.
When I received the doll it had been crushed and damaged.
Hard for kids to climb and slips on floor.
they literally dyed glue black and put it in a bottle.
Lots of shedding, but great fit and true to color.
Cute but for the size and quality price should be cheaper .
Mine showed up with several dents and a corner crushed.
Item doesn’t fit like it should and the top is poorly made.
Smaller than appears and very cheap feeling.
I ordered Redwood and got Cinnamon Chai.
Package arrived with shampoo leaking and broken pump.
Smaller than expected and lights aren’t bright enough.
It's pretty but the brush portion is very small and thin.
Lasted 2 days and the squeaker fell out.
Good, but light is cold and somewhat weak.
The wire brush and screwdriver was not included.
Great fit and color but wrinkles really bad.
I have super sensitive skin and it just made me more red.
Comfortable to lounge in, horrible to get in and out of.
halfway through my can and I see minimal results.
Too short and wobbly for standard toilet.
Had to return cause it was handle and manual.
She only used this for a few months and got another one.
Syrup leak from the cap and on the box.
Mine came leaking and 3 days late.
Some of the clips were loose and fell off in the box.
Easily kinked and broken cord.
Was horrible stiff and hard i just threw it in the closet.
It is just odds and ends of ham, not biscuit cuts.
Worn and laundered once, one pair is separated at the hem.
to hard to keep the outside clean and to clean the inside.
Not easy to use and don't like single ear.
Mirror corners did not join nicely and were damaged.
It was supposed to be 100 pieces and I only received 96.
Sleeves were too long and the wristbands too loose.
Product had several blemishes and gouges.
Feels like glue and looks Orange.
Ordered the yellow and I received the white one.
Looks and feels as cheap as it cost.
Was very fragile and broke within a few hours of having it.
Very thin and not as pastel-ey as I’d like.
I use them for my RC radio and they drain fast.
It broke and was spewing hot water after 2 weeks.
The lid is made of cheap plastic and doesn't fit properly.
Extremely flimsy and not very happy with my purchase.
does not get all hair out and legs do not feel smooth.
This quit charging and working after a month.
These are pretty small and don’t stay cold for long.
Very poor production and script.
Perfect fit but material too thin and see thru.
Not as tasty and effective as other brands.
It didn't protect the phone and can only hold one card.
Always fresh and enjoyed by our 10-year old lab.
The refresh rate of this is pretty bad and noticeable.
Not true to size, too small in bust area and hips.
Very thin and flimsy though color is nice.
The straps are not adjustable and hangs way too low.
Much more childlike and plastic-y than I expected.
2 came in a box and one of them quit working day 2.
didn't like the light output and clip.
too small and the fabric is not stretching.
Cheaply made and doesn't stay in place.
Band is cheap looking and doesn't buckel right.
Difficult to put together and parts missing.
Very hydrating and weighs hair down.
Metal look old and very poor assembly.
It is ill fitting and very poor quality.
Didn’t clean up good and it broke as soon as it dropped.
Box damaged and ripped open.
Keys are extremely difficult to press and mouse is loud.
Not the color as shown and difficult to open.
Language and sex, not really enjoyable.
The connectors fall off and weak.
Did not stick on the curves and the glass came off easy.
They worked for a while and then broke.
Bits are soft and break or strip easily.
Not great quality - zippers do not open and close easily.
Half of the light packs are broken and don’t work.
While I am reading it keeps going dark and light.
Looked really small and cheap, had to return them lol.
Used one time and got a small hole.
It's cute, but thin and blows away easily if outside.
The ink seemed dry and the colors were very light.
I have worn it a few times and it is just OK.
Easy to use and worth the money.
The top is very low cut and does not much support.
It plays quickly, and is fun, but the ads can be annoying.
Nice blend of fantasy and reality.
Even after reading reviews and fitting chart, a bit large.
It doesn't get nice and frothy like I expected.
Works well and for perfect.
Doesn’t have a signal switching and set auto not running.
They run small and have a weird fit.
I had them a month and they said faded.
Slippers were nice and soft, but we're too small.
Very thin and not the quality I purchased previously.
The video camera and sound quality is poor.
I disliked the color and fit.
replaced a worn lid and it was the right price.
Zipper is hard to close and open.
Smaller and not as vivid as expected.
Brightness and resolution didn't quite work out for us.
the audio is disappointing, kind of fades in and out.
Ordered a larger size and still too small.
Button pops often and it is a little big.
They break easily and do not slide back & forth well.
Like the mug, but the lettering kind of runs and smears.
Extremely difficult to change out links and clasp.
I over loved it but it was dirty and obviously used.
Wire came loose and I had to repair it.
Color only stayed bright and vibrant for about 2/3 washes.
The smell of the product is horrible and stays .
Really soft and lightweight, but it did not fit.
Good quality and value for the price.
Wasn't as plush and soft as the picture looks bt still ok.
Good looking, but too tight for me and uncomfortable.
Sound quality is not good and product is just OK.
I found this a little stiff and kind of hard to work with.
Not cushy or comfy at all, and the top is too roomy/loose.
Book is too big and bulky.
The snap bands are akward to use and fall out.
The earrings look nice, they are cheap and brake easily.
we received the full size one and not the small one.
Runs small, and the material is quite thin.
Product came unsealed and some of the power spilled out.
Not very sturdy and tends to be squeaky.
The handle slips and does not stay locked in position.
They are very thin and were not what I was expecting .
This blanket is very soft and seem to do the job.
This thing is so loud and terrible vibration.
Very thin and smaller than typical mat.
Had it for a month and the long strap broke.
I like it and it is working very well.
some bags do not hold the seal well and become re-inflated.
I ordered white and got stainless steel.
Not quite fit and discolored / wear out too soon.
It’s cute and does the job, but you get what you pay for.
Shipped fast and package arrived in good shape.
Kind of cheap and flimsy but they do the job.
I like the price and the quality of the print.
It's an ok product and has a nice color.
Lids very difficult to open and close.
This item does not heat well, and it is non returnable.
The work and are of sufficient quality for the price.
Loses color and dust sticks to the cover.
Quite flimsy for the price and really bad paint job.
Bought two packages and one of the bulbs were broken.
Slightly smaller and I had gotten a bigger size.
Brittle material and very loose.
To large and heavy for my RV use.
The towels are thin and don't cool well.
Did not seem very sturdy and color seemed a bit distorted.
Box and product arrived damaged.
It’s very durable and cute, just small.
Ear was cracked and broken into 3 pieces.
Wish it had cupped left and right edges.
Too many settings and to complicated to operate for me.
It looks good and haven’t used it yet.
The cord is too short and it doesn't heat consistently.
Fits loosely and shipment arrived late.
It was very nice looking but very small pots and pans.
Mechanics are a bit off and the thumb is a bit annoying.
Soft and comfortable, but rip easily.
The print is really small and it is hard to read.
Kinda cheap and you see why it is this low of a price.
Received package and the little steak sign was broken.
The boot is really stiff and hard to break-in.
They are a good pellet for rats and plinking.
These are bulky and hard to use.
I just am not a fan of the scent and it's a bit strong.
Cute and different sizes.
Turns on and off many times in my bas, Fluke is better.
Not very comfortable and a bit awkward to deal with.
The buckle is too big and too heavy.
Good product and comparable to pricing.
Good for kids, but they did not win and that was dumb.
It lacks good explanations to the workout and diet.
Changed color and the ends come off.
It's ok a little small and the light is not very bright.
Definitely firm and support, but smaller than expected.
Tight around chest and restricted reach.
Need to return and get a half size bigger.
full and long, I was looking for something more natural.
Good service from seller and it works.
Not bright enough and not of good quality.
They dress up the bathroom but are thin and not made well.
I ordered this in white and it came in black.
OK, but crumbly and stale.
This hat fit somewhat large and the brim was hard to shape.
Stylish and comfortable.
They tend to come unstuck with side sleeping and sweat.
It's really heavy, thick, and awkward to move around.
I like the brow gel but I ordered light and received clear.
Easily tips over and makes huge mess.
I love sci-fi and this was okay, it started a bit slow.
It fits the handle and works just fine.
I stay something small and short.
Product fit well and wasn't uncomfortable.
The watch looks good but the feel and quality seem cheap.
Found cheaper and better quality at WM.
Really small and no instructions.
I'm 5'8" and it's just too short for my liking.
Quality is lacking but they are cute and cheap.
couples washes and their not useable again.
Very messy and did not clean stain.
A little too cutesy and unrealistic.
They are great for 2 uses and then they are terrible.
Quality is not what I expected and some parts are missing.
Nuts are so small and dry.
A little dented and missing a few chunks.
It squeaks and the big jade doesn't stay on the handle.
Protect my phones screen and easy to install.
Took these for 3 months and felt/saw no change.
Long and much repeated, , But fun to read .
Comfortable and seems to fit the bill.
They were a bit small and did not stay on my feet.
2 of the items were cracked and 3 more had weak areas.
Sound is very low, and no volume control.
Package was opened and delivered with bashed in packaging.
For the age it was too short and quality not good.
A lot of these are too large and cig falls out.
I don’t think this got very hot and felt very heavy.
They are plastic and had one break on installing.
These balls are very nice, easy to clean and insert.
This belt been decorated and looks much better.
Ok not as strong smelling and comes out very very slow.
I think it works well and does the job.
They fall off and do not stay in place.
Dries out quickly, but delicious and good color.
Pretty thin material and already snagging from the wind.
Did not produce very much light and did not stick well.
Not enough water came out and dripped.
The seat cushions are too thin and not comfortable.
Most of the sharpies work and they’re bright in color .
Very hard and neither of my kitties were drawn to it.
Lights are nice and Brite but the wire is garbage.
Tops are loose and don't stay on.
The facial wipes were dry and the perfume wouldn't spray.
This is shorter and tighter than expected.
Give you energy but makes you feel weird and anxious.
great shirt, way too big and itchy.
It’s long and easy to move around.
They fall off easily and do not stick.
The tray doesn’t slide in and out very smoothly.
Not as expected, poor quality and wouldn't buy it again.
Mild GI upset at first and noticed some mild constipation.
Doesn't absorb well, and when you sweat looks awful.
This book was a bit boring and predictive.
The hardware looks too big and cheap.
Fairly made, light and small.
Product lid was off and product was spilt out into the bag.
Very informative and in great condition.
I'd rather take only one pill and not 3.
Made my hair greasy, dull and the smell is not that great.
They work, and are cheap.
Creativity and artistry set the book apart.
Doesn't create enough smoke and scent dissipates quickly.
Not as sturdy and durable as I would have like.
Beautiful color and fit, but very thin.
Battery came and fit but it does not stay locked in place.
Item arrived on time and exactly as described.
Box and doll were scuffed.
Smaller and cheaper than I expected.
One of the books and the box were a little ripped.
Shrunk significantly in the wash and now it's too short.
The earphones are convenient to carry, and they work well.
A bit too easy to pull on and off.
The ends are very ichy and rub my writs.
Item is a little flimsy and didn't come with instructions.
Nice shoe and it is easy for my dad to put on.
No sound and the software was hard to manage.
Yellow and green would not work no matter what I did.
very nice and feels great on really sore back muscles.
Useable but very beat up and ripped.
Cute "snuggy" but this is NOT lined and not very thick.
Nice and comfortable.
Hard to put back together and falls apart easily.
It was the wrong size and was returned.
Runs small and clasp are a little difficult to get on.
Comfortable and good fit, but cheaply made.
Color is not as dark as I like, and it’s messy to use.
They are not coated and occasionally difficult to swallow.
Bike rides carried snacks and tools.
Not working with my pc and is useless for me.
Was to loose and hard to use the side buttons on the phone.
Broken corner and I’ve had it for less than 3 months.
It rolls down and keeps coming off.
They are stuck together and is hard to remove them.
Hard to use and doesn’t work that great.
Dog chewed up the plastic and fabric is tearing & ripping.
Super small and not a lot of space to write.
Very small but cute and sturdy.
Good condition and was easy to install.
Very cute, fur Comes off here and there but not horrible.
The box was smashed and open.
Dropped phone and it didn't protect the phone it broke.
Dress fit ok but was see through and not finished well.
Could be a little bigger and better strap.
Not the highest quality but perfect size and price.
Product is well-made and comfortable.
Kinda floppy and too large.
This unit is economical and works well.
Good for the price, but falls apart quickly and easily.
I have only had this about a year and it is already broken.
works great smells OK will continue to use and recommend.
Perfect size for one plus three and convenient.
Very light and does a great job at keeping you cool.
A little pricey , however they work and hold up well.
Shrunk after washing and drying.
Bought these as a gift and they loved it.
It is unlike any other water gun and good price.
It's a fun read and the art style is great.
Nice casual slacks that fit and do not wrinkle.
This was a gift and the recipient seemed happy with it.
The product looks good and is soft, my wife liked it.
We use it for weekly schedule and chore responsibility's.
The quality and fit was better than expected.
Arrived on time, and was nearly identical to the originals.
Moves around a little but great absorbancy and works well.
These are a nice size and work well.
Definitely adds tranquility and sense of beauty to my ears.
Cheap, durable, great sound quality and appearance.
Dry foods and snacks.
It’s used as backup for my iPhone 8 and it works great.
Adjustable length and works great but overpriced.
It is body friendly, and no after effects.
Very strong smell and burns a little but still effective.
Very comfortable and easy to wear.
The shoe quality and sound is great for a toddler shoe.
great pick and choose alternatives.
Product came well protected and accurate per description.
Product was affordable and quality was good.
Wonderful product, easy to use and worth the money.
Fit perfect, and works like new now.
Nice material and zipper, a little larger then the picture.
Nice quality and cute print.
Sounds good and stays securely in place.
Item received timely and as advertised.
Great for removing stubborn blackheads and pimples.
Little known history made interesting, and easy to read.
it's lightweight and very durable.
I like that it doesn't scratch and that it can be washed.
Cool blouse it can be worn as casual and or dressy.
Nice and thick, but not too thick to be cut.
Comfortable and fairly well made.
It is made well and adds fun to bath tub time.
It is well made and I am sure will be useful.
Very cute and well made but way too large.
Good quality, and heavy jumper.
Nice looking and nice feeling forks.
Comfortable and stylish, a little bit on the narrow side.
Helped get rid of several cables and stays pretty compact.
Very nice quality and very pretty.
Works as it should, and not bad price for two.
Fits well, and it's not too thin of a fabric.
Good and Gentile product for sensitive skin.
It plays just fine on my cd player and it came on time.
seemed nice but a gift and not sure how they held up.
Great size and construction but not a rapid charger.
Easy to clean and use.
As described and great quality.
Bought as a gift, friend loved it and fit as expected.
I bought these for camping and they worked out perfectly.
Works as advertised, laptop back-up and running.
Should be for teenage and older children.
Fits well and does what i need it to.
Easy to use and does what it says it will.
This is a gift for my daughters and daughter-in-law.
As advertised though heavy and need larger bite.
These are very cute and entertaining for kids.
I like the lightweight, crossbody and sparkly purse.
The item fit well and was received in a timely fashion.
Nice and sturdy but latches could be better.
Beautiful and brighten the bathroom.
The size was perfect, not too big and not too small.
This is a medium protection case and works well for me.
Small and Easy to use.
Adorable flowers and the pens write very well.
Same as for the book 2 and planner.
It's beautiful and has a lot of space .
The online code worked, and everything was inside.
They look and feel nice.
Works great - nice and clear.
For everyday use in our office and warehouse.
Squeezes the juice out of feet and ankles.
My 1st air compressor and not to bad for general use.
Nice size, heavy enough to hold up and attractive.
They stick well to the windows and are very cute.
Open up bath tube drain and smooth sailing down the drain.
It fits like a glove and is super soft.
I am enjoying this series and glad I stumbled on.
Fits my MacBook Air perfectly and it looks great.
Really cute and my husband loved the surprise.
Just got it, and well we shall see, so far so good.
Straight shooting, no bull, get it done and win.
Not much for protection but it’s cute and fits great.
This sofa sleeper is small and short, but very comfortable.
Jar was broken and juice was coming out.
Nicely written, funny and sad, very easy reading.
Only used it once and so far it seems to be working fine.
I loved this and need to grab the next in the series.
Good looking and very functional.
Well made, and it’s the perfect length.
They are sturdy and worth the price.
Fits well and is very comfortable.
Works well and washes well.
instant hit with 7 and 11 year old.
I liked it was what I ordered and cheaply made at all.
Great antenna and you don’t have to put it on the roof.
I have bought two sets of these and would buy them again.
Install and worked very smoothly.
Soft and easy to wash.
Easy read and was shipped in a timely matter.
good screens, just counted and only had 145.
It's a battery and it works.
It was easy to install and works very well.
Flimsy and went bad quickly.
Very comfortable and hides my tummy.
In Great condition and easy to use.
Easy to put on and remove.
good softness and affordable.
Smells nice and works well.
Used it a few times and am happy with it.
Very good product and ordering more.
Fairly easy assembly and works great.
Very easy to install and bright.
Good and sticky, got the job done.
Competitive pricing and easy to work the program.
great material and colors runs big.
great price and well made product.
Heavy and durable but doesn’t prop up very well.
Works well for its light weight and compactness.
This is working fine and its well made.
Does what it says and much cheaper.
I like the extra lenght to handle the meats and vegetables.
Decent sheets, comfortable and cozy for winter.
These are comparable to norwex and work great.
Very easy to use, just plug and play.
smell good and last averagely long.
Adorable hide and seek game that is a great first game.
It is a lovely bag and well constructed.
Fits well, and provided what it was purchased for.
It fits and works for our pot lids.
Just what I wanted and very well made.
Arrived on time and as described.
This was a great book and find.
Our Mastiff loves it and puts it on easily.
Does as expected and lights up well.
Did a nice job on my furniture and left no scent.
My wife loves the quality and fit.
Good quality and sound.
This little guy is well made and great in tight spaces.
These work well and are durable.
The razor cuts well and holds the charge.
A little small and hard for water volleyball.
The spinach was very fresh and delicious.
Great for the casual players who enjoy puzzles and variety.
My wife uses this product and has found it to be helpful.
I used this product for my new counter top and I like it.
Cute but hard to assemble and keep together.
Got it as a gift and they say it is helpful.
the rose gold is pretty and its lightweight.
Works great and I'm still learning how to clean my griddle.
Much better than the wax seals and easier to install.
Interesting and kept my attention.
Very comfortable and unique style.
as advertised and arrived on time.
Easy to assemble and looks nice.
I like the layout and the smaller size.
Fits the screen well and adds sense of security.
A great read and very detailed.
Pretty thick and warm.
Great for the price and to play around with.
This was suppose to be a skull and it was wolves.
It's a great buy and it's quality is good.
Soft and very well designed.
Good quality and good design.
Good quality and value.
Product arrived quickly and was as advertised.
It was the right size and is working well.
I liked the fast and efficient service.
I love them and great support for the cord.
Does the job of protection and not a lot of bulk.
Like the story line and a easy read.
Very nice looking and fits snug.
It fits and has lasted.
Really good, comparable to Green Mountain and Starbucks.
Size of bag was good and the color is eye catching.
perfect color and looks good.
Helmet was same picture and price looks good.
This product is well made and very durable.
beautiful color but the lid is very hard to get off and on.
Small, sturdy and packable, but a bit heavy.
This is a safe and affordable for cleaning your ears.
This item was a gift and the person loved them.
Chrono functions work well and it's a perfect size.
Organized religion is a scan and this helps prove that.
sturdy and holds its weight in firewood.
It came in a nice fancy box and tasted great.
Great case and does protect mh laptop.
Two letters F and J poorly drawn.
The mat is very well made and I know will last a long time.
good watch easy to set up and great looking for the price.
Product is of good quality and came as advertised.
It's fine and serves a purpose.
They came promptly and they do the job.
My skin is oily and it works for me i like that.
Good quality and holds well, looks very nice.
The caps arrived on time and were as advertized.
I like this product and it looks good over my desk.
Top and bottom fit as if two different sizes.
We like the design and how nicely it fits.
works great and is a quality product.
Great deal, quality and size for the price.
Lightweight and durable.
Good price and very sturdy.
Very easy to install and locks tight.
Item came when it was stated and was what I expected.
The socks fit well and appear to be well constructed.
Great character and a great story.
Great product, good price and right on time.
Sharp blade and reasonable price.
Good car hands free Bluetooth and easy to install.
Loved the color and style.
Works great and serve their purpose.
This was helpful for doing sit-ups and push ups.
Perfect Fit , easy to install and looks cool.
Pretty and all, but makes the phone bulkier.
I love Grace and Frankie, Season 2 was good for a laugh.
Received only 1 wipe and not 2 as indicated.
Not super soft, but good quality and really cute.
Good price and right size for my storage needs.
I bought this item for my daughter and she loved it.
Good looking and works well.
put together easily and for price works just fine.
Thick and quality as expected.
Very good feeling and light.
Nice case well made and holds all my supplies.
Dress cool and comfortable but wasn’t a good fit.
Product description was perfect and worked as expected.
Fits nice and looks good.
Fair price and good quality provided.
Fun book with nice illustrations and writing.
i searched the instruction online and it works fine.
Looks and feels great, fits well, but no pockets.
The armband is comfortable and works well.
Good quality, arrived quickly and as described.
very spacey and does not fall while driving.
Lightweight and breathable, while keeping particles out.
This horn is cool and easy to hook up.
Very comfortable and warm.
Material is beautiful and well made.
Fits the car and works as it should.
Received on time and in perfect condition.
Very soft and comfortable.
Very good price for very strong and easy to use chain.
Easy to use and cleaning is easy as well.
That it cleans really good and I used it for my retainers.
My son loves it and quality is good .
The game arrived safely and works well.
Great product, easy on the teeth and great taste.
Love the look and texture of this runner.
Loved the characters and story line.
Nice brushes, long lasting and easy to clean.
Bought this for my wife and she said so far so good.
Nice and comfortable.
Well made and exactly what I wanted at a good price.
Long lead time and the chain is too short.
Fast shipping and good price.
Big enough and comfortable.
They are cute and was just a little too long, but work out.
Very good acting and story.
Fits perfect and pretty soft pink color.
Item as expected and described.
Fits good, feels good and looks good.
Easy reading and enjoyed reading it.
well made and good quality.
Well written and interesting.
It's a birthday gift for my wife and she loves it.
The characters and storyline I liked.
It was a painful and cheap process but it works.
These work well and are soft, can't ask for much more.
This hoodie is thin, cotton and comfortable.
Good price and durable material.
thread was pretty nervous and it works very well.
For the price, the amount and quality are very good.
These are sturdy and found to be easy to clean.
I liked it and it was a gift.
This holds safety and securely all of my 50+ watches.
fit on my decoy and looks realistic (no turkeys however).
Very stylish and holds everything I need.
my main concern was side effects and none experienced.
Clean and great looking.
Nice and soft but a little on the heavy side for Futon.
Very stylish and value for money.
Strong and sturdy, but to small for me.
Nice shirt and fits well.
A little flimsy, but very cute and useful.
Easy to use Well built and good price for starter drone.
This dress is stretchy and super sexy.
Nice and thick, comfy.
Good seeds and good lettuce.
Easy to setup and easy to read.
Very nice and durable cake topper.
Liked the size and that the battery life is pretty good.
Doesn't stick to my door and ripped the paint off my wall.
I have a 38DDD chest and the XL fits just a bit snug.
nice quality, and very soft.
Exactly what I needed and was easy to replace.
Holds up ok and does a good job.
The paint peels and its hard to open the first time.
Decent packaging and a nice board.
Good quality and easy to use.
Sturdy shelves and constructed well.
Nice backpack, great compartments for devices and usb cord.
I like design and i'ts so comfortable.
Great quality product, packaging, and service.
Have two and love them for laying about the pool.
Very cute and easy to track milestones with the stickers.
I have used this item twice and it seems okay.
Product delivered and in good condition.
It's quite fast in 5G band and has a strong signal.
good and soft, good price.
Took a while to be delivered and runs on the small side.
good case, it is slim and thin.
Good quality and reasonably priced.
It was funny and worked.
Good fit and cute, but very long (will have to cut off).
Built tough and looks great.
looks good and maintain overflow.
I like music and Elton John.
Plates look very nice and are a great price.
I like item and price.
NIce and practical umbrella.
Fast delivery and as advertised.
I'm a short chick, 5'2 and had to hem.
Very cute and comfortable Shawl.
I wish it is larger and made better.
Phone is good, and camera is really good.
My daughter doesn’t like it but, it’s made well and works.
Love this wig, everyone loves it and I will buy it again.
Many nice looking pieces, and a good price.
The product arrived on time and is doing as advertised.
Too big and it's the smallest one but otherwise good.
Easy to install and worked to pump fluid to my windshield.
Mixes up easily and tastes great.
Good quality and comfortable.
Good quality and color.
Very good flavor and nutritious.
The leash seems to be made good and a good price here.
I absolutely love it as a shampoo brush and scalp massager.
Light and easy to use.
Nice gloves, wish forefinger and thumb were longer.
A bit small but very pretty and nice.
They do their job and hold up well.
Item appears to be well made and should not rust quickly.
Very comfortable and fits well.
as described and lets you charge if needed.
It is as people described and would buy it for a gift.
Arrived quickly and having multiple lengths is great.
Have not had very long but like so far, fit and color.
look good, and fun, but do not last long.
They work just fine, and are very sturdy.
These socks are tight and I have small feet.
Overall good quality and fits well.
Good product and looks good on the wall.
The lights are bright and it works well.
The Neck Track makes massaging my neck easy and effective.
Yes, it is creepy and my 12 year old loves it.
Works well and looks good.
Work great and fits well.
We got it for our beach outing and had fun.
It’s a solid review of pharm and easy to understand.
It's a great color and I like it.
Great and sits in the foyer area of my home.
Everything fits and works fine.
The unit is well designed and is very soothing.
Purchase these magnets and so far love it thank you.
Very easy to install and got my washer working quickly.
I like the wallet and the fact it had rfid.
Its heavy and very hard for a left handed person to use.
Entertaining and in a weird way funny.
So far so good except brightness and it is slightly blue.
It was pretty compact and slim as expected.
Did the job and was received promptly.
Exactly what I expected and ended up arriving early.
I love the color and they are great.
looks and fits great.
All okay and no customer issues.
It is not as thick and cushy as I thought it would be.
Lots of fun and my son loved it.
I use these for a 5 ib chihuahua and they fit perfectly.
received 2 coffee cups and 1 bowl broken.
Case is beautiful and well made but very heavy to hold.
Very nice belt and well made.
Perfect fit and GREAT quality.
This strip is well made and easy to work with.
These filters fit good, and appear to be well made.
I liked the clear lettering and fast service.
Easy to use, and exactly as described.
It was fast paced and interesting to the end.
Easy to use, good handling and does the job.
I am so happy and surprise with the quality.
Well made and works as expected.
Nice and large but you can collapse a section.
I like this product very much and it works well.
My 3 yr old loves the lights sounds and that it will roll.
I liked these they were easy to use and were very durable.
For apartment it is good and useful.
I bought the tattoos for my daughter and she loves them.
Easy set-up and seems like good mid-print quality.
I liked them and the price was good.
it arrived on time and was exactly as advertised.
They do the job and they appear to be of decent quality.
Pretty and well crafted, also comfortable.
Very quick and easy to use.
Seemed pricey for the material and design.
It’s pan is good and but not that big.
I like the price and the dress.
It ok, Its medium coverage and I was looking for full.
quality is good connects charges and syncs.
Only a few dollars and works great.
I dislike how hard it was to take it off and put it on.
My brother and stepson like them.
I have but the gray cover on the car seat and I love it.
Holds very well and looks cute.
The thing I liked most was the color, and it was squishy.
These hats are cute and they really keep their hair dry.
The colors are pretty and goes with anything I like.
It was a gift to my wife and she still has it.
It's perfect--light enough for spring and easy to care for.
The item arrived quickly and was as I had expected.
The fitting was not comfortable and the mask was heavy.
Needs rebooted now and then but overall works well.
They are great to clean and walking in the rain.
As described, short life span and seemed smaller when used.
These are great bras for everyday work and running around.
Pictures are beautiful even while black and white.
Very slick surface and food just slides off.
A good price and a warm comfortable sock.
Safe and easy to use.
Fit really well and is mostly hidden behind mirror.
It's like air drying and it very convenient.
They were good gloves and the price was good.
better than nothing but not like shampoo and water.
Exactly what I needed and it is as described.
Exactly as described and perfect for travel.
Very comfortable and supports the feet well.
It was very detailed and had a nice weight to it.
Stays closed and opens easily.
Nicely presented and packaged to prevent damage.
Very useful and simple to understand.
GPS not very accurate but can call child and check in.
Good value for your money and safety.
Easy to understand and use.
Great product and shipped fast.
Nice fragrance for everyday and affordable.
Arrived on time and in perfect condition.
It fit perfectly and easy to install.
Well written and researched.
Very light weigh, easy to use and excellent price.
She always writes exciting and interesting books.
Very comfy and nice looking shoe.
Just received it used it and it made my skin very soft.
I gave them as a gift and the lady thought they were great.
Great price and value.
great case but cards are hard to get in and out.
Very well manufactured and easy to put together.
Great value for a small sized mop and broom storage.
Use it for long drives/camping, cheap and does the job.
Duarable and good quality.
Always a great deal and the product meet my needs.
Some great recipes and pointers on smoking in here.
Just what I was looking for and nice quality.
No bells and whistles here, but it’s worked just fine.
Good character development and realistic story line.
Bought as a gift and she loves this case.
Soft, comfortable, and fit perfectly.
This is for my grandson and I love the variety.
Very cute, solid and looks great.
Light weight and comfortable women’s socks.
Worked like a gem and renewed my bike pump.
Felt, looked, smelled, and tasted as advertised.
Cool, comfortable, perfect fit, and the price is right.
love love this, smells good and makes lips super soft.
The product meets my requirements and is economical.
This was given as a gift and the recipient loved it.
it looks nice and matches our bathroom tiles.
Awesome light and works well for my needs.
Works and has replaced my guard dog that passed away.
Great taste, Amazing Smell, and just great.
Have it in a hallway closet and love it.
inexpensive and work well.
Great fit and awesome quality.
The wax was clean and bright ready to make candles with.
Easy to install and they look great.
It was just what I needed and it came in timely.
like light weight and more room inside .
Very sturdy and beautiful design.
These are perfect and are exactly what I was looking for.
Look identical to the original, and works fine.
The color is awesome and the fit is great.
Very cute and great color.
Enjoyed this book and the whole series.
Good product and size was great for price.
Super easy and quick to put together.
Nicely made and the pictures are great.
Great value and price.
Best item and you get five for your Jeep.
Cute, easy to use and less clutter on my night table.
These look good and do the job.
These switches work fine and feel really solid.
Bought this for a colleague and she really liked it.
I feel good and have energy.
Bought them as a gift and my Co-Workers loved them.
Exactly what I expected and needed at a fantastic price.
Fits as expected and feel just like regular underwear.
So cute and delicate.
Good collection of tools and accessories.
Great durable and easy to install.
Works well, looks nice and it is easy to use.
As advertised and as promised delivery.
I appreciate the quality and ingredients of this product.
As expected and convenient.
Easy to use and works great.
Cute design and perfect for getting ready in the mornings.
They were comfortable and met my expectations.
Very happy with price, quality and appearance.
Good and reliable product.
The product installed easy, and seems to work fine.
Nice collar, well made, and fits as promised.
Gave it as a gift and that person raved about it.
This is our second set of these and we all love them.
Installs easy and works the bomb.
Very functional and does the job.
Works perfectly and charges quick.
It's close to my color and doesn't look caked on.
Really cute and well made.
Nice quality material and vibrant colors.
Cords were as described and appears to be very durable.
This was a present for my wife and she loves it.
Bought for my grandson and he loves it.
Excellent product and expedited service.
Easy to put up and work great.
Received on time and great product.
They are exactly what I needed and work great.
These are heavy-duty and the feet grip well.
Could not do better than Amazon for price and size.
Very roomy and sturdy.
I dig em' and would buy another pair.
Arrived as promised and so far so good.
Fit great and she loved them.
Applied product very well and was very soft.
Look and worked great.
Very weird and interesting.
Very happy with delivery and quality.
Beautiful and well made.
Great clumping and easy to scoop.
Card is well constructed and the dragon is great.
My grandson loves these cars and carries them around.
A very nice crystal for charging my bracelets and stones.
Super cool and nice looking.
Easy to assemble and looks nice on my desk.
Great quality and easy to install.
My husband uses it and loves it.
Good quality, easy to install and my daughter liked it.
My daughter is reading this series and she loves them.
They are a bright red and are not to long.
It is compact and easy to store when you don’t need it.
I bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it.
Love the red color and very good material.
Came in cute Packaging and looks just like the picture.
Really nice stand and it works as good as it looks.
Easy to assemble and use.
Perfect size, plus just plug and play with no problems.
Exactly what we needed and they arrived in a timely manner.
Easy to install and perfect match.
Best spot and grease removal I have ever used.
works well and love the shows.
Price, fit, and style all fit my needs.
Such a great and educational movie.
I like this product and would order another one.
Nice medium weight canvas, primed and ready to go.
These work great and are still working months later.
they are great for the money and are really easy to use.
Gift, was received and loved.
Fit was very good and good value for the money.
This product is very easy to use and versatile.
Installed in backyard, very bright and good quality.
They were comfortable and fit properly.
Great item, true to size and holds up well in the wash.
Comfortable, durable and good looking.
Good sprayer and comes ready to use.
Excellent seller and superb product quality.
Very nice and sturdy.
great socks, they feel great and wear well.
Looks and works great.
Breathable, sized right, supportive, and quality.
Great soap and easy to use.
Fast shipping and it was perfect.
Fit perfectly well and functions perfectly fine.
it is a good set up love it and the color 2 thumbs up.
Everything went well and was as described.
Arrived today and my daughter can't wait to watch it.
The product is easy to use, and I use it with my iPhone Xr.
Awesome very accurate and I use it daily.
Fits much nicer than the original and stays snapped.
Very addictive and get challenging as you climb the levels.
Cute design and perfect size.
Good size and heavy duty.
Easy to install and works great.
Had rough hand and feet, rubbed it in for 2 nights, great.
They are so Q and the quality is good.
Very cute and do what they are supposed to do.
Fast delivery and easy to install.
Good quality and fast shipping, thanks.
first time, and not disappointed, good.
Gorgeous dress and so comfortable.
Fast shipment and easy to install.
Sturdy and we'll made.
This clock is accurate and a good size for old eyes.
Pretty nice and perfect to protect the device.
Excellent product and quality.
Excellent light with a wide range of color and effects.
This movie had action and family time in it.
I love the Gaines family and all that they do.
Working great for walking and while I’m at work.
Gave these as gifts to nieces and nephews, all were happy.
Used for small repairs and in tight spots.
Great functionality and durability.
looks just like the picture and it's all good.
Large, and it definitely stays on all night.
These bulbs were packaged securely and arrived quickly.
Just as expected, they fit well and are comfortable.
Great quality, the material is metallic and looks strong.
I got this for hubbies new hobby and he loves it.
Bought these for my daughter and she loves them.
Perfect size and good quality.
Bought this for my son and he absolutely loves it.
Clean, fit perfect and easy to use.
I'm a single man and this fits my lifestyle perfectly.
Great movie, great cast and it ends good.
Purchased for a gift and it is loved.
Ordered this for our wii and it works great.
Good quality packaging and delivered on time.
It was a lot more plush and cuddly than it looked.
This product was as described and arrived on time.
I am a soccer referee and I like it.
Arrived as advertised and on time.
I bought these as stocking gifts and they were a big hit.
Best price anywhere and shipped fast.
This product showed up in 1 day, and the smell is lovely.
speedy service and affordable also.
Liked the color and the assembly ease.
Convenient for carrying and mindful of purpose.
Good quality paper and a hard cover to support it.
Great price and quality.
Sound great and look great.
Love the glitter and variety of colors.
It was in great condition and was delivered very quickly.
Great quality and value.
So cute and my daughter loves it.
works well and tastes great.
The filters work well and clean easily.
Super soft and perfect for any sofa.
Easy to use and provides great sound.
Soft, comfy, and a beautiful color.
Comfortable and easy on/off.
Works and looks great.
Does the job, looks great and easy to install.
It looks nice in my screened porch and it will not rust.
Great price, looks good and easy to put together.
Very nice looking, great quality and well designed case.
Soft enough for me and have good sleep last night.
Well made and worth the price.
I love it, very good and reliable case.
The product is good and filled up my expectations.
Fits the can, screws down and seals.
Socks fit well and have a good grip on the bottom.
Great sound and comfortable.
Seems to be holding up great and are very soft.
The color is nice and it fits comfortably.
Fits well and it was a good price.
I like the price and the product is extremely well made.
This was a good price and the product works well too.
Arrived on time and even included a spray bottle.
Perfect size and durable.
Great for smoothies and pop in the dishwasher to clean.
Charges fast and keeps all devices with one cable.
Very strong and sharp looking.
Used another product and it was like paste much better.
Super cute coin purse, and great quality.
Quick, easy and always pleases.
Material is good and my grandson loves it.
This thing is compact and exactly what I needed.
Fits well, looks great and keeps me warm.
I like the clear reception and voice clarity.
Its a thumb drive and works.
Love how the machine is compact and easy to use.
These were durable easy and alot for the money.
Great price and fit well for longer, thin baby.
Beautiful case seems sturdy and love the flowers.
Fast delivery and was exactly what the description stated.
I bought this for my grandson and he absolutely loved it.
Great size and they work great.
Very smooth and flavorful.
Just received, easy to set up and use.
Arrived timely and works great.
Great product and service.
Super cute and sturdy.
My son set up a new tank and these fit in there perfectly.
Looked same as oem, fit perfectly and a very good price.
great wallet very soft and beautiful.
Well written and directed.
Seem to be made well and were easy to install.
Easy and comfortable to wear.
Looks great and works well.
This is bigger than I expected, and I am happy with that.
Works well and keeps the fridge looking more organized.
Look great and get the message across.
Cute and seems to be good quality.
Fast shipping and it looks great.
Easy to put on and they stay in place.
Fast shipping and excellent product.
Everything I expected and more for the price.
I bought this as a gift and he loves it.
Excellent product and fast delivery.
my daughter love it and using it almost everyday.
Very easy to install and picture is great.
This thing is sturdy and very high quality for the price.
Easily installed and very accurate time-keeping.
Just as advertised, and works well.
It's beautiful, and the quality is very good.
What I expected and quick delivery.
Covers a large area and very productive.
Great rug, very plush and doesn't move or shift around.
I bought this as a gift, and the recipient loves it.
Belt works great and a 3-pack is a good deal.
Nice chain and metal even though its not solid gold.
As described and arrived on time.
Very well written and researched.
Great unit and conveniently able to break down for travel.
Very well reasoned and thought provoking.
My son enjoys them and so do I.
Very comfortable and cute.
I repair my tablet charging port fast and easy.
Very comfortable and the perfect size.
Brushes work as depicted and advertised by the seller.
Fits well, and Gets a lot of compliments.
i used the bag for the gym and it durable.
Very soft, and looks good after multiple washing.
It works well and it's easy to clean.
Sturdy, well made and easy to assemble.
Great look and well made, good purchase for me.
Loved them, great quality and perfect for my ceiling fan.
