I’ve not even had the case for a week and it broke.
very hard and uncomfortable.
Cheap and already falling apart.
Movie freezes mid-way through and skips to the end credits.
The sesame came out as whole and nothing grinded.
another card that I bought and i don't know why.
This was cheap material and did not fit well at all.
Slow read and boring.
Very cheap feeling and is a very large small.
This served no purpose and irritated my dog's neck.
Plugged into laptop usb and no response.
don't buy the range finder and don't buy the case.
Terrible, too thin and they break.
Was broken in half and was a gift.
What was this, a waste off my time and money.
Product bag was smashed and bag was spilled out in box.
The price is too high, and it keeps rising.
Terrible waste of time and money.
Too small and too dull to work well.
It went into workout mode and wouldn't leave.
Horrible and rock hard like they where stale.
This broke and didn't even make it through one school year.
Not as advertised and does not fit my Fob key.
Couldnt tell a difference and poor quality.
I just opened this sheet and it has a rip on the seam.
I ordered this and received a completely empty package.
I had one teaspoon and I was convinced I was going to die.
Bottle seal was broken and leaking upon delivery.
It's a waste of money, weak and didn't help at all.
Fittment was horrible and color was more red then orange.
It Broke when my Camera was attached and broke my lens.
Product arrived damaged and box torn up.
Headline and pic tell the story.
very poor quality, and bad sound.
Product came broken and unable to return.
Bags did not work and rip very easily.
just received the watch and it was like that.
Annoying toy and voice, with odd songs.
This product item is short and unusually wide.
Worked well for 1 month and then just stopped working.
It arrived dirty and one in the pack instead of 2.
Smells like flowers and baby powder.
Super boring and I did not learn anything new.
The product just work a few days, and broken.
Tiny containers of play doh and cheap plastic toys.
I was sent the wrong ones and they would not swap them out.
Battery won't stay charged and it restarts all the time.
Cheap and tore the first time I tried putting them on.
Very small and the bristles are extremely hard.
Boxes received were old and broken with bad dating.
Doesn't stick well and the cat just chews it off.
Bought in May of 2019 and the blue coating is coming off.
Ordered several times and received frozen put with dry ice.
Plastic is brittle and it broke the first time I used it.
Much smaller and poor quality than what I expected.
Those are not the brand and what they are supposed to be.
Thought edges were sharp and uncomfortable.
It’s flimsy and is highly susceptible to tearing.
Ive used it like 4 times and it already broke.
I ordered a 4 pack and only received 1 small pack.
Charged it over night twice and it will not even turn on.
Doesn't look good and hard to stick.
The cookies were broken and very small.
WAY to small, very thin and uncomfortable.
After two washes they stopped fitting and ripped.
I used this cord one time and it no longer worked.
This product leaked and damaged my wood table.
Did not work for me and amplify the signal at all.
The box was broken into and only 4 bags of chips arrived.
Became corrupt and quit working soon after I got it.
Tiniest cups in the world to try and catch urine with.
hard rim and too big.
Very flimsy, shakes and is unstable.
Predictable, and not much entertainment.
Cheap looking, HUGE, and totally not worth it.
I dont like it, It was awful battery and terrible sound.
Ridiculously small and cheap looking.
The shoe was too small and tight.
Doesn’t work, and it doesn’t fit into my jbl headphones.
Ripped on first wear and they were the correct size.
Open jar and it was used.
I received this and it did not work.
Too small and too heavy.
Cheap, not worth the money and looks nothing like picture.
I received a wrong item and I can't seem to return it.
The description said 4 pack and I only received 1 frame.
The quality of the fabric and design were low quality.
This product was defective and I cannot use it.
Very clear and very drying on lips.
Filter/screen tube and box are both crushed.
Got this product today and the seal was pulled open.
Had to return these and order directly from GE.
Doesnt work and no option for refund or replacement.
Came frayed and without the curtain rods.
I received the wrong item and could not even return it.
Didn't fit and I wasn't allowed to return it.
Advertised as 3 pack and was only a 2 pack.
it is too heavy for my shoulder and I need to return it.
I looked like a dumpy turd in this and had to send it back.
Git this in October and it just quit, won't power up.
Came in a huge box with no padding and ruined the box.
Disappointed in how large and heavy these glasses are.
Very oily and the mask is way too thick.
Phone flops around and its not secure.
Cheap quality, smells bad and is 2 sizes to small.
Very pretty, but soles are too hard and they hurt.
Got stuck and I had to push it through the rest of the way.
Leaking at the seam and nozzle on first use.
Two of three bottles arrived damaged and virtually empty.
I never received the product and I was charged for it.
Not as represented and now I can't even return.
Its very cheaply made, and it seems very easy to break.
The purse was cheap and it felled apart.
I add the egg and it spreads everywhere.
Very thin and not at all like the magic eraser.
Rope dropped out of hand during use and the handle broke.
Worked good for 3 or 4 weeks and then the timer froze up.
These are terrible, they are cheap and a waste of money.
Its not good, they taste stale and old.
Did not fit well at all and way to close to the ground.
After one year the edges rolled and cracked due to the sun.
Smelled like mothballs and amonia.
Installed in my truck and the pump failed 1 month later.
Just bought this and it’s alreadt falling apart.
Did not fit properly, and constantly popped off.
It said a 4 pack and I only received 2.
I plugged this in and no sound came out.
Too many cherries and red dye whatever.
Its pretty and I like the colors.
Was dead on arrival and i returned it.
I wore it for 20 minutes and the heel of the shoe broke.
Complicated and useless.
Did not hold curls and look like a wig.
Have waited a week for a response and have not heard back.
Felt stiff and sized too large.
Once it rain, it sag and the water stays on top.
I ordered this product and received 3 ramen noodles.
Worked for 3 days and burned out.
Looks nothing like the photo and it arrived broken.
Very cheap and didnt look ANYTHING like the picture.
Did not hold together well at all, and had a bad smell.
It’s very small and looks nothing like the picture.
Purchased 2 20 pack and only receive 1 pack.
I ordered it twice and neither works.
Used it for a day and it broke.
never recieved them and I never told you.
Very flimsy and virtually impossible to close.
Indoor and outdoor plant food.
Wouldn't work and it stopped charging.
Bit is super small and only lasted one use.
No instructions and could not attach to car.
My hand slides around and now my big toenail is coming off.
The material is cheap and easy to break.
The fabric is thin and quality is poor.
Came broken and returned.
The quality of the product is very poor and not suitable.
TERRIBLE product and customer service all around.
I used it probably 3 times and then it got a hole.
Poor quality product and shatters easily.
I order the dress M but it came so stretched and long.
It broke after the second use and it was too light .
Ordered 1/4 3/8 1/2 received the wrong set and size.
We received this broken and therefore it did not work.
This battery overheated my phone and ruined it.
Not worth the money and doesn’t work.
The pack I got did not grow at all and look like fake.
Makes me realy hungry and irritable.
You need to wait for ages and may be you’ll get.
5 minutes and it was destroyed.
Shuts off and on while turned on.
Used 2x and the product is broken.
Peeled off after and hour of walking around.
Way too small and cheap quality.
Never received and couldn't get a refund.
Looked odd on and too big.
Size is not as described and this happened second time.
Nozzle never worked properly and now does not work at all.
I ordered this months ago and have yet to receive it.
The pad was very thin and didn’t make any difference.
The package was resealed and the bottle looked used.
Doesn’t work and will be returning.
Kept rolled up and when opened did not work.
Top cut short and not scalloped.
didn't like it and I remove it in the same day I put it.
Cheap looking and the seller does not allow for returns.
The mop is too heavy and hard to use I didn't like it.
They slip around and don’t absorb anything.
The lining broke the first week and now the handle did too.
Too bulky and uncomfortable.
Shirt wore out and seems ran after 1 wash.
Too small, and the clip was visible in the hair.
Terrible product, very cheap and very disappointed.
They were stall and hard.
Product was not well made and arrived falling apart.
Nozzle froze up after a few days and could not use anymore.
Not waterproof and bleeds on your eyelid.
Not enough pressure and its just a cheap novelty item.
Had it for one day and one of the stones fell out.
I ordered two of these and I only received one package.
Product did not work and did not stick to my body.
Digs into your wrist and not worth it.
won't last long and doesn't really work.
Did not fit and fell apart.
This item was too large and wide for ordered size.
does not dry for hours and smells.
Pulled the laces to tie and ripped the eyes off.
Ordered Two black and got bright purple.
Center screw is into plastic and comes loose easily.
very cheaply made, thin and sparse.
Used it 5 x and no longer works.
Product came 1 day late and was damaged.
Item was never received and seller will not respond.
Not bright and lasts about two days.
Damaged item shipped and package also damaged.
They look and feel very cheap.
This power bank only worked for 1 month and got damage.
This is a bad product and i wouldn't buy it again.
Came opened, emailed and they never responded.
I bought this exactly one month ago and it just broke.
I ordered the teal blue and revived a navy blue.
One light string did not charge up and work.
Great size but it has no power and eats batteries.
It was very uncomfortable and just had to return it.
Leaks like crazy, Have trashed it and went with a Ogio.
Arrived late and broken.
Never received this product and company refused to help.
This item was melted and destroyed.
Product ok but my package had been cut open and searched.
Charge is short lived and the remote sucks.
This is very cheaply made and is WAY overpriced.
Didn’t fit (too big) and broke after one day of wearing.
This sinks in my opinion and runs off quickly.
This cheap material, and these run extra large in size.
Product didn't do anything and very cheaply made.
These suck and did absolutely nothing.
too big and looks very cheap walmart hoops look better.
The makeup is so watery and does not go on well.
Paid for beans and they sent me corn.
The picture quality is poor, and not ok for day time use.
Much smaller than pictured and only one came.
After a few uses they fall apart and are hard to clean.
I ordered the 2 volume set and only received one book.
Cheap and will fall over so easily.
Packaged terribly and arrived mangled.
Cheaply made and full of loose seams.
It looks like new but the package is so dirty and damaged.
Never received this and don't remember ordering it either.
Garbage, cheap and they don’t work at all.
Poor quality and runs small.
Ordered a clock and got a mirror.
Lots of names missing and miss spellings.
said it was delivered and never received it in mail.
Never worked well, and now I can not return it.
Ordered 10 days ago and still waiting for delivery.
Stuck to paper and won’t stick to the surface.
I order two and neither seated properly in my refrigerator.
Used once, wouldn’t grip and ratchet broke instantly.
I never received the item and they don’t refund me.
It came broken and opened.
Never got my card and the seller does not even respond.
It's been months and I'm still waiting for this product.
Pretty but size runs extremely small and no stretch.
They were too hard and too big for my dog to eat.
The bare roots were moldy and only one of them sprouted.
Did not receive this item and no longer need it.
The lanyard only worked for a month and fell apart.
Waste of time and money I threw it away.
came open and did not have the markers that says it has.
Really only 2 colors, very dark and pink.
Cord snapped and broke after about a week.
Cracked easily and fell off the phone.
I ordered this over a month and have not received it.
Its been 3 weeks and yet no book.
Was old and dry, should have bought locally.
Ordered and I never received them.
Impossible to open and close.
Lasted 3 rides, and then it ripped from the back.
I never received my item and I was charged for it.
Asked for a refund and received it.
Disappointed by the colors and how big the pack rings were.
Used twice and now it will not turn on.
Tiny piece of strap and nothing like the picture.
Waited WEEKS for delivery -- and it doesn't work.
Ordered blue and received pink.
I order black and received an Orange role.
Way taller than I expected and they won't let me return it.
Had the sunglasses maybe 10 days and they fell apart.
Clippers are used, don't buy and waste time.
Unfortunately not what I ordered and not in the right size.
The seller was very honest and gave me my money back.
Motor blew and caught on fire on first use.
The paint is flaking off and it's only a month old.
Followed planting instructions and not one bud.
I've gotten sick and felt nauseous after taking it.
Very cheaply made and didn’t work.
I ordered a size 5 US toddler and I was sent a size 7.
This is not what was advertised and is made in China.
I ordered 3 and only received 1 pair of scissors.
Lipsticks were damaged and unusable.
Not good quality and the battery don't last much.
I ordered xxx- large and they sent size medium.
Fake and dumb, don't buy.
Doesn't work at all and can't find a refund avenue.
Slips and moves around alot.
Made my face sticky and look oily looking.
One dimensional characters and stereotypes.
become less and less interested Too much politics.
1 of the batteries lasted 4 days and stopped charging.
Didn't fit and not as described yet it's not returnable.
I only got one emblem and it said 2 piece.
These were cheap and did not work.
These are way too big and do not stay in place.
It worked for a few days and then stopped working.
It is not pointed and does not come with a sharpener.
The case only lasted for two days and broke.
Broken and Don’t Work plus the item was delayed.
Light didn’t work and EMT sticker fell off right away.
The chain is tarnished and it’s not that sparkly.
A gust of wind blew it and bent 2 of the arms.
2 out of 4 did not work and it was a gift.
Adequate , it lost air overnight and was soft by morning.
Felt more like kinetic sand and had a residue.
Bought in April 2017 has tears and rips by now.
It came with a sensor and I ordered one without a sensor.
Doesn’t feel that comfortable and move easily.
Didn't work with my cricut and unable to return.
Material catches dog hair and is hard to get off.
Weak and easy to break.
The magnet piece fell apart and doesn’t work anymore.
It won't lay open and the week starts with Monday.
Candy was old and hard.
Strong smell and not very zen-like.
Ordered a black one and received a yellow one.
Made my husband have a rash and to itch.
Very slow at best and takes to long to make connection.
They are just odd tasting and oily.
Cheap and flimsy, should have known better.
One of the plastic came broken and didn't fit right.
They are too short and constantly coil up.
The ornament is oddly shaped, really flat and flimsy.
They tasted say stale and I won't buy them again.
Expensive and doesn’t seem to really make a difference.
Too small and broke within the first two days.
Earphone part too loose, and falls out.
My return was accepted and I am grateful.
Not comfortable and difficult to put on.
The package came open and dented.
Not well made and not good suction.
does not stick to phone, gap between glass and screen.
very dim and didn’t shine far at all.
cheap plastic and lens is scratched.
Product tasted mostly sugary, and not as much hazelnut.
Looks cheap and does not fit well.
It worked perfectly fine for 11 months and 3 weeks.
Wore the glove 5 times and the seam ripped out.
material was different and way too small for a large.
Super thin and doesn't stick.
Too difficult to slide on and off.
String winder and picks missing from packaging.
Spend a little more and get a Furman.
Arrived broken and had to fix it myself.
A sweet ring, but it’s very fragile and bends easily.
Worked for a month, then filled with water and died.
Curls on the edges and doesn't seal.
Worked 5 times, then just spun and made noise.
Loses connection too often and requires reset.
Too big and sadly, I took too long to return.
breaks a part in your hand and Not very moist.
Dry rotted and ripped apart in less than 1 year.
Fits small and color was different from pictures.
Way too tight from the waist and I really am a size 30.
The gems frequently get unscrewed and fall out.
The top part of it was longer and wider than expected.
I'm a size 6 and these were to small.
The heel is too narrow and not adjustable.
Don't know why, but husband and I couldn't get into it.
Is little small for my my, and to wash the top they left.
Too thin and tangles easily.
Leaves behind a chemical odor and residue.
Good in concept but this box was Old and dried-out.
Used one time and the puff fell apart.
This slipper arrived damaged and was ripped so i returned.
Too thin, light and see through.
Very cheap material and assembly.
The item is so small and hard to place in the correct spot.
Too cheezy and too expensive for the quality.
It does not remove with the hair and it hurts the skin.
Way too soft and squishy for good support.
Vail was heavy and poor quality.
The look and texture is not even close to the photo.
They are big and bulky, but hold towels properly.
The wallet is pretty and works but it is cloth not leather.
Bought an extra-large and they were still too small.
The line is not well secured and comes undone.
Eh gotta Medium and fits like a small.
It smudges and not in the good way.
Boots are even larger than the chart and reviews state.
terrible packaging, came wet and bent.
Wore the silver pair three times and the clasp broke.
Bunch up when you place items in and out.
It has horrible sound quality and is very static.
This candy was very hard and little cherry flavor.
I ordered 1 3/8-inch items and received 1 1/8-inch items.
Gathers a lot of hairs and dirts.
Not very warm, lost one and wasn't too unhappy about it.
My dog never stops pulling and still chokes.
The product was low quality and it was too large.
Caps come off very easily and the stamps dry out.
nice brush and colors but does not lost longer.
too small, and a lower heel than I thought.
Material felt strange and stiff, not comfortable.
Love them, but I ordered 2 sets and only received 1.
Good headset background noise is terrible and a bad echo.
Was ok I did not notice any changes and returned item.
Came half-off and looked terrible after washing hands once.
Makes a big mess, and doesn’t remove piling very well.
It's super slow and dies really fast.
Less then a year in and 1 of 3 cords still works.
Way too small and thinner than expected.
Wire cutters are clearly used and dirty.
Couldn't get the HDMI to work and it's really flimsy.
It's very dry and with too much pepper.
It bunches up after each shower and is really flimsy.
These are small and more like a 9" ball.
Its not one ill be watching over and over.
I paid for a new book and recieved a torn book.
white parts from the rings and sticks fell off in the pool.
I got this item and w/in a month it stopped working.
Did not get the sheets and pillow cases.
Hard to hold in your mouth and also to keep light on.
Gets moldy and discolored within 6 months.
Dropped my phone and it still broke with this case.
It is uncomfortable and pulls the hair on my arms.
The quality was very low and the picture became blurry.
Size med suddenly increased length and now is to big.
Top is too loose and display turns off too much.
Made in Mexico and not the same as those sold in the USA.
Attractive but made cheaply and light.
Lasted 5 months and just stopped working.
Didn't assist me and I didn't care for it.
been about 5 months and the headset is already failing.
The front and back of my Dad's pants still sagged.
Devise runs very slow, freezes, and shuts down on its own.
Do not like that it is plastic and won't last long.
This thing is cheap and dim.
Hard to use and not very informative.
Cheap and inflexible.
We order dark and received milk.
Cheap and broke after my son wore it once.
I returned these, they are very heavy, and fell off twice.
The pan arrived scratched and dented.
These hooks are very small and not worth the money.
Cheap looking and not a good value.
wheels and bearings are not smooth.
Used on one trip and already falling apart.
They are to flat and stiff.
Purchased 8 months ago and both broken now.
It was not big enough and it was way too small.
These look cool but way too big in length and width.
They're very small, and 1/2 of them had chipped tips.
Very complicated to set up and the components felt cheap.
Lacking some ingredients and potency not the best.
Game is dated and boring compared to games now a days.
The dress is poorly made and cheap fabric.
It is not smooth and pills up on my face.
This is made for the purple bed and it fits for crap.
2 legs are missing a left and a right.
Ordered a M and couldn't even get it over my thighs.
The colors are dull and the pad kept curling up.
They're awfully thin and run very small.
Ordered this item and it was never delivered or received.
Hate them, too big and hard to keep on your shoe.
Fit way too small and the material was stiff.
The product is out dated and smells like skunk.
Much smaller than I thought it would be and cheaply made.
It discolored my fingers and shower.
Does not look nearly as full and nice in person.
not very sharp and pulls the hair.
Read it in high school, and once was enough.
Very small and I didn’t like the material.
Smaller than it looks, cracks and tears easily.
To wear with boots and were too high.
Bad fit and causes paper jams.
Scents felt very artificial and gave me a headache.
Poor quality, washed it once and it’s alrwady super faded.
Box was open and missing parts.
batteries won't last and take too long to charge.
It lasted a month and a half, then wouldn't hold a charge.
The idea and the product is a great idea.
Does't work well and damages the ears of corn.
Bluetooth is very challenging to used and installed.
It’s been couple weeks and my Lab doesn’t get any better.
It doesn't work and I didn't like it.
Item came dented and scratched right out of the box.
Way too small for wrists and make very little noise.
Cheap material and not all material was included.
Way too difficult to use and cheaply made.
material is kinda crappy and thin.
It’s short and the fabric looks cheap.
The bottles leak and I would not purchase again.
It was very hard to install and keep on the AC.
Product was very flimsy and couldn't support my 165lb body.
one of the bottle was cracked and leaked everywhere.
Smaller than expected and seems cheaply made.
So incredibly generic and predictable.
Looked cheap and ruined the aesthetics of the dress.
Did not last an hour with puppy play and chewing.
Runs smaller than expected and also runs short.
Lasted a day and it broke.
Too thick like a crochet sweater yarn not cotton and light.
Very small and not the best material.
Looks cheap and smaller for my 13 inch MacBook.
Cord seems to have low quality ends and looses connection.
Gets dirty quick and feels funny on my feet.
These pants were not at all warm and I returned them.
The nose area was super thin and the fit was awkward.
My 4 year old wears a size 9 and these 10s were too small.
The pin in the band rusted and broke after one month.
May be too small to wear and I ordered up a half size.
very uncomfortable and didn't like the way it supported.
I have a 48 inch round table and this does not fit over it.
It was very heavy and did not fit into my walls at all.
The hinges were loose and were very difficult to close.
The toe was a but to narrow and the width was to tight.
Too slippery and can fall out of hands easy.
Not very comfortable and my eyelashes hit the lenses.
Very chip and wash of fast.
Solvent and gun oil - not much for the price.
These are very uncomfortable and I will be returning them.
I found this book hard to follow and it didn't work for me.
I bought 3 and 2 stopped working after a year.
I got an XXL fits really small and see through.
I have big quads and these are always riding up my leg.
Love it and terrific price.
Looking good, well organized and nicely presented.
Awesome looking and very durable.
These shoes look great and are a good value.
love the colors and the wool.
The scent is long lasting and so fragrant.
Came on time and is what I expected.
bought to give as a gift but it smells and looks amazing.
Works exactly as designed and intended.
Arrived fast and was inexpensive.
All works and fits as hoped.
Great quality and spin.
Easily adjusted and fits well.
Had this for two seasons now and have no complaints.
great product and 24 hour shipping, you can't go wrong.
I like this product so much, very natural and clean.
Great product in quality and price.
I like this color and brand - lasts long.
Makes great GF pizza and super convenient to use.
Keeps bow string nice and waxed.
Product arrived quickly and is exactly what was advertised.
The book was new and in great condition.
Very pretty and perfect for our daughter’s teepee.
Fit perfectly and does everything as advertised.
Hanes is a great brand and fit as expected.
Nice charging cords and a good value.
Great gloves, fit well and did the job.
This was a gift and worked out well.
excellent fit and quality.
This was what I ordered and it’s what I received.
This is a gift and i am confident it is what she wants.
Easy to install and good tasting water.
Definitely helps plants grow and grow stronger.
Fits well, and looks good.
Bought this for my daughter and she said it helped a lot.
Candy was fresh and exactly as expected.
Sturdy, well made and currently hanging out in my closet.
Perfect, not too hard and not too soft.
My wife and kids we use it all the time.
bought for my daughter and she likes them a lot.
Fits wonderfully and has well coverage.
This is solid, stable, and works well for how I use it.
I like the color and texture.
It was for my great granddaughter, and she loved it.
Really nice fit and good material.
Excellent quality, thick and durable perfect fitment.
It arrive on time and its a good product.
Classy, and it looks good with a LV bag.
Great cast and great movie.
Holds all my cards, makes it so easy to grab and go.
It's so smooth and works well.
Tons of colors and great quality.
Mounts very good and fits remotes.
Looks cute and works great.
My 7 year old picked out this backpack and loves it.
Excellent product and fits perfectly.
They do what they’re suppose to and are a good price.
Like this shaker bottle, durable and well made.
Very thin and do not hav choices of colors.
Very easy to use and it works as discribed.
Exactly as shown in the image, and the soap smells awesome.
Liked the flavor and the price.
Quiet and easy to use.
Easy to use and store pictures from my iPhone 7.
Like what I ordered, and like it very much.
Easy to use and works well.
I tried several different leashes and this was my favorite.
Exactly as described and received in 2 days.
This item works great and I am very happy with my purchase.
Great product and the smell is not to strong.
Great product and price, Change filter every 6 mo.
It’s cute and fit as expected.
Great value, excellent quality, and easy to install.
Looks great and was surprisingly easy to assemble.
Liked the variety and price.
The shirt and sticker were both very good quality.
These fit nicely and are a nice weight for winter wear.
Gave as a gift and it was VERY well received.
Interesting book and informative.
Super cute, and doesn’t look like it’s an under $10 watch.
Was quickly delivered and great quality/price.
Towels are plush and soft, standard bath size.
operates and looks good.
I love that the bristles are well separated and long.
Very Easy to Use and link up to your cell.
Just what I wanted and came early.
Great value and quality.
Really nice scent and good burn time.
It is so cute and comfortable.
Arrived on time and works well.
i love this book and have recommended it to others.
Best hiking cleats- they stay put and give stability.
Comforter set is soft and colors are great.
Looks good and fits well once adjusted.
Fast delivery and ready to use.
Works Perfect and came just in the knick of time.
Like the compact size and nice product.
I love it and its easy to use.
This bra is so pretty and comfortable.
Love it, the color and quality are better then pictured.
Excellent seller and product.
These are fantastic and soft.
These are good quality and price.
It was one of the oils I wanted and am very happy with it.
Very flattering and comfortable.
Heartfelt and she is mentor to a lot of people Thanku .
These are great and have everything I need.
As described and good price.
Arrived quick and exactly as I had hoped.
All the colors are very nice and work well with my artwork.
Day delivery and exactly as specified.
Quick delivery, good price, and easy to install.
Product is amazing and makes my hair so soft.
Very convenient and seem to be durable.
Very easy to install and well made.
Very easy to use and I really like the shape of this mold.
Looks nice and is comfortable.
My Terrasoul Pumkin Seeds are always delicious and fresh.
Great movie and fast shipping I was very impressed.
So cute and excellent quality.
Item worked perfectly and was exactly as described.
I got this for my two year old grandson and he loves it .
Looks great and classic style.
Great price and case works well.
Quick delivery and love the targets.
Arrived quickly and seems to work really well.
Nice kit and great value.
I use these for walking and jogging, very comfortable.
I gives me more energy and helps me to run faster.
Good quality and it works as promised.
Great storage and a sitting bench.
They worked perfectly and fit exactly as described.
Works perfectly and nice to look at.
Easy to install and very well priced.
These oils seem to be stronger and last longer.
These brake pads were easy to install and work well.
Comfortable and good looking.
Bright, light and easy to install.
Excellent book and service.
Excellent product I use this bottle daily for gym and work.
Well built and a good looking piece for the price.
I love it and the color is beautiful.
Very good looking and well made.
Sturdy, solid and handsome looking.
Very good and seems to work great.
I loved the color of this case and the functionality.
I love them and they were easy to put on.
This works as described with my iPhone and iPad.
Small and easy to use.
Came quickly and was exactly what I had hoped it would be.
Sharp and handles well.
Nice and light to wear for summer.
This belt is comfortable and classy.
Fits perfect and protects my monitor.
Gave this to my mom for a Christmas gift and it was a hit.
Sheets were super soft and my daughter loves them.
Love the color and they keep stuff cold for hours.
Fit and even color match the Costa's I got for my wife.
Good quality and happy with the product.
Beautiful and bright colors.
Just fits my height of 65 inches and it's easy to install.
Great flavor and great affect.
Works and seems to be decent quality.
Great quality and fit as expected.
I liked the feel of the fabric and it runs true to size.
Fit and worked perfect with a good price.
Quality product and a good price.
It does run a little big, but it stays on and does its job.
Good value and they stand behind the product.
Soft and washes very well.
Easy to set up and use.
Fits great and is a nice sheet.
Bought it for my brother and he loves it.
Fast shipping and the water shoes are so comfortable.
Just Erasers they look and are erasers.
Great product and an ever greater price.
Good quality and still going strong.
Very good quality, and they STAY PUT.
Used on air compressor and various tools.
The product is what is advertised and works great.
I use it every day, it can be protective and charged.
Work very well and no more burnt fingers.
Great product and good quality.
Good quality and well packaged for shipping.
Easy install and precise application.
Worked just like it was suppose to and at half the price.
the description was right on and so was the size.
fits my socket wrench and performs great.
It is extremely well written and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Very satisfied and came quickly.
Such a fun game and different every time.
Colourful stories and a Damn good cookbook.
A good author and a terrific read.
Good quality, look, and price.
I like the way they fit and the size is what I needed.
The handle works smoothly, and it's a good product.
Very nice and thick high quality towels.
Easy to put together, easily adjustable, and great to use.
Cleans well and doesn’t dry out hair.
It makes me feel sexy and smaller.
Super cute and looks like as advertised.
They taste great and not bad on calories.
It's a Christmas gift and I'm sure he will love it.
I love the color and it is so comfortable to wear.
Third time through this book and it’s still awesome.
I like the price and the shipping.
Works great and perfect size.
Love these bags, very clean and sturdy.
Well made and sturdy quick delivery.
Works as expected and easy to install.
Spider-Man is very good and would watch again.
These are tiny but perfect for small thread and wire.
Bought this for my daughter and is satisfied with it.
The size and quality after wash cycles is well maintained.
A few months in and still working.
Item was in brand new conditions and as described.
Great product, but for a family member and satisfied.
Works great, and it was a great value.
Fit just fine and really comfortable.
It is very easy to chop onions, tomatoes and other veggies.
Very soft cover and holds its shape well.
Is so beautiful looks so nice and professional, I love it.
Great Product no problems so far and easy to install.
The sheets are comfortable and fit well.
Pup comes out fluffy and clean.
Great prices and products.
Arrived on time and exactly as expected.
Easy to install, good price and fast delivery.
Fit was right and worked well.
I like the size and how clear the product is.
Installed easily and working perfectly.
Easy to apply and came quickly.
Easy to set up and grate implementation.
Arrived new and fully charged.
Feels great and I like the color.
Very sturdy and beautiful.
seem to be of excellent quality and quite cold.
They're awesome and great color.
Excellent product and excellent quality.
Sturdy, good drainage and we'll made.
super cute and design is on both sides.
Worked great and easy mount.
came in time and my niece loves it.
It arrived on time and was exactly as described.
But I love the collar and would definitely order another.
I own a few of the other pieces and I love it.
Great fit, and great for winter time.
love the colours and their durability.
Good quality and my girlfriend like it.
Pretty nice and clear as expected.
The blender is powerful and love the functions.
Item was as described and was shipped promptly.
It was perfect in size and great quality.
Helps baby walk and greets toy to play with.
Great pillows, very supportive and well made.
Great fit and very comfortable to wear.
This was the last one and it does not disappoint.
perfect fit and works well.
They seem to fit any chair and look good.
On time and a perfect fit.
Exactly like the picture, great material and quality.
Great fit and quality.
Very good quality and look great.
Meets and performs as expected.
They fit well, and are good.
My ladder and I thank you.
Very safe and is worth the money.
Fast shipping and really really good price.
I liked the weight and resistance when struck.
It works like a charm and takes almost no electricity.
Exactly what i wanted and more.
Works as advertised, easy on and off.
Very comfortable and perfect color.
Great fit, light weight, and exactly as pictured.
These are so cute, stretchy and fit true to size.
It's very quiet and the effect is good.
Is very attractive and nice gift for a hair salon.
I love the flavor and quality.
The eyeshadow colors were beautiful and went on buttery.
A bit big and heavy but works just fine.
As described and serves it's purpose very well.
It fit well, was well priced and easy to install.
Cute and came faster than it said.
Very cute and not too bulky.
Price, quality and amount - can't go wrong.
Very sturdy and easy to set up.
Well designed shoe bench and attractive.
Easy to assemble and looks really nice.
This gun rest is so well made and totally worth buying.
I used it in my new phone, and it works well.
Was a gift and recipient was well pleased.
Watch it to stay up on games and learn game things.
Sleek and well built.
Showed up quickly and just what I expected.
Good weight and heft; unlikely to easily crack or break.
Its really nice and worth the money.
Great game that keeps the kids busy and away from screens.
Well packed and looks good.
Product is great and feels wonderful on your face.
No issues with it and it worked great.
We bought this for a gift and the quality is phenomenal.
Fair $ and comes with pan washers.
A message of hope and peace for today.
Bought as a gift and was well received.
Affordable, easy to use and easy to store.
Perfect for my Kirby vacuum and small apartment.
Super cute and do their job very well.
Our dog likes it and eats it easily every morning.
It was easy to install and set up.
These phone cords work great for s8 phones and charge fast.
Convenient and highly functional for a player on the go.
Look great and block out the sun well.
The video quality and sound are very good.
Great and simple game my daughter enjoys it.
Easy to maneuver and you can add multiple locations.
Worked great and was very comfortable.
The bottles have a tight seal and are packaged really well.
The book is as described and arrived quickly.
Condition new and shipped fast.
came in fast and as stated would deal with again.
Great color and sparkle.
Product arrived on time and exactly as advertised.
Great freshness and flavor.
was a nice size and good quality.
My Hair is shiny and soft.
I am impressed with quality and function of handle.
It fit her watch, she says it looks and feels good.
It relaxes me within 1 h - 1 1/2 h and I can fall asleep.
Smelled amazing and felt clean, naturally.
Easy to use sturdy supports for roses and peonies.
Very comfortable and far less money than others.
Bought as gift and got great remarks about it.
Well made, comfortable and holds in what I want held in.
Very nice detail and bright colors.
Incredibly soft and very warm.
worked for like 3 months great now its dead and cold again.
Great prices and props for my photo booth company.
Works great and holding up well.
Perfect for arts and crafts for my preschool class.
Just what I wanted and more than expected.
Great Deal and Good pricing.
Arrived quickly and on the promised condition.
Different take on Vampires and this book was written well.
Overall very happy with these, cute and funny.
Great product and as described.
Used it as Christmas gifts and they loved them.
It is beautiful, fits well, and is thick material.
Such great customer service and smells so good.
I got this for my bf and he absolutely loves it.
Shipped quickly and was in great condition.
I love this band, it's lightweight and propels sweat.
Fair price and Free shipping along with decent quality .
Cute, well made and the child enjoys playing with it.
I bought the costume for my mom and she loved it.
Fits perfectly and looks nice.
It smells nice and absolutely does moisturize.
Easy to use and very effective.
Doesn't dry my skin and lasts 2 months used daily.
Yummy good, fresh and crisp.
Good quality and easy to put on.
Delivery and product arrived as expected.
Brilliant sound and great receiver.
Perfect for developing a passion for science and education.
Fit perfect and very comfortable.
very easy to use and set up.
Its great for your recreational use, stylish and cool.
Made in America and price.
As described and fits perfectly.
Really nice sound quality and are super cute.
These sheets are comfortable and seem pretty heavy duty.
its well in the ear and the sound is good.
Super cute and just what I was looking for.
Product was as shown, fit well and delivered quickly.
Great price, and helps us get through the summer.
Simple and effective masks.
Very easy to put on and take off.
My daughter is a huge Harry Potter fan and she loved it.
Mama was tickled and it looked very nice.
use this when we went to the beach and was great.
Fits and works great.
Good tasting dates, fresh and good packaging.
My son loves this book and I do too.
Smaller than expected, but still a great case and value.
Purchased this for my grandson and he loves it.
Good story with excitement suspense and surprises.
It arrived on time and in excellent condition.
Absolutely worth the money and loved by the kids.
Good price, prompt delivery and works good.
My GF, loves Juicy Jay's and this is an excellent deal.
The capsules are very easy to swallow and no fish burps.
Great color, quality and style.
This food is high quality and agrees with our dog.
Good quality and great price.
Received the product promptly and works perfectly.
Bought for a drummer and he loves them.
The balloons were so cute and very easy to blow up.
Very easy to setup and works great.
This was a gift and very well received.
Easy to use and clean.
Fast shipping and great product at such a low price.
Exactly what I needed and everything fit.
Gorgeous mirror and great customer service.
Love the storage space and always having a roll ready.
Perfect fit and quieter then the OEM belt.
Its nice looking bracelet, delicate and not gaudy.
Great build and keep your flashlight intact.
Easy to mount and works well.
Prompt service and great turnaround for delivery.
Nice price and it works well.
Fast shipping and excellent product.
Easy to install and very bright.
Perfect size and well made.
Can't see any difference between these and the HP ones.
good book and a joy to read.
The price was right and easy for my husband to install.
Great smoke flavor and good heat level.
It works and travels well.
Frame feels sturdy and was easy to affix headboard.
I liked the durability, the colorful print, and the price.
Sturdy and easily folded smaller, exactly as described.
I like this flavor, and they are energizing.
Love this dash cam and customer service is the best.
Quiet and accurate clock.
Used them to shape birch plywood and did a great job.
I got three my two boys and my ex love their MacBook Air.
Good packaging, and wonderful collection of songs.
Pretty color and dries fast.
Cute and really pretty.
Nice,The cups are of good quality and kept warm.
Product works as described and is exactly as advertised.
Arrived and fits as described.
I use this with swimsuits and jeans.
Good quality and fast shipping.
This piano have different sound and plays a nice volume.
Love them and came on time.
These fit perfectly and work.
My child likes it and it made him happy so Daddy's happy.
Large size and doesn’t irritate by kids cute cheeks.
Wife loves them and she is super hot when she wears them.
Work well and look very pretty at night.
This item is awesome it works great and will buy another.
It’s a great product and makes keeping my cards safe easy.
Such a cute design and very sturdy material.
Doesn't clog pores and lightweight.
arrived on time and in good condition's.
Easy to install and works like it should.
Awesome product and good price.
Great value - looks beautiful and easy to assemble.
My wife loves the fit and the warmth of the slippers.
Good quality and craftsmanship.
Great product, fits great and soft.
We like it and using often.
These are very well made and strong just what i wanted.
Prompt delivery and good product.
It works really well and is just the right height.
They were for back to school and are great.
Lightweight, simple and efficient-what else do you need.
Easy to use and well built.
We love this tea and it was delivered quickly.
It works very good and easy to clean.
Love them so light and comfortable.
Very durable, good price, and good length.
Nice bags, good quality and perfect size for my needs.
They fit my can and work.
Perfect to organize and charge all of the devices.
Great material and super cute.
Had no issues with installation and it is functioning fine.
works very well and priced right.
Perfect roasts and turkey during those holidays.
Arrived sooner than expected and work well.
Using this shoe for water sports and surfing.
They are great and exactly what you get in stores.
Fits perfectly and easy to install.
Beautiful and high quality workmanship.
Fast delivery and work well so far.
They are very comfortable, adjust easily and keep me warm.
Typical of such products and good price.
Fits perfectly and arrived quickly.
So easy to install and they really seem very sturdy.
Was a hostess gift and it was well received.
Very warm and fits my huge head.
CanNot beat the price and works perfectly.
Good price for 6 toothbrushes, and very comfortable to use.
Great Halloween and cosplay costume.
Nice quality and perfect way to extend a shower pipe.
Simple and perfect with sweetness overload.
Definitely love the color and comfort.
A durable and bio degradable product, my customers love it.
Very comfortable, light weight and cool.
Great colors and great quality of paper.
Love these, great fit and great price.
Epic adventure - expertly written and researched.
Love the smell and how it feels on my sore muscles.
Works Great with Iphone X and Iphone 8.
My daughter loves using it for short and long trips.
I received it on time and look forward to working on them.
Ease of ordering and installation.
The images are pristine and they feel sturdy.
Fits perfect, has great texture, and is light weight.
Loved them and very comfortable.
They are very pretty and work well.
This mantel is stylish and perfect in our new (old) home.
very good pump, good volume and pressure, low noise.
This product is is very easy to use and accurate.
I like the color and material true to the picture.
I'm a cotton six kinda guy and I really like these.
Exactly as advertised - fit great and does the job.
Very, very pleased and actually am wearing it right now.
Great book, I'm three chapters in and very pleased.
It starts off easy and gets more challenging as you go.
Love the simplicity and detail of this book.
Arrived on time and was well worth the money.
Fast shipping and worked as described.
Worked great and very easy to install.
They were big fresh and delicious.
This was a gift and she uses it by the pool.
It does the job that it was advertised and described.
Great product and service.
My son is a size 12 shoe and loves these w his birks.
These are great tennis shoes and are super comfy.
I have a couple new piercings and plan a couple more.
Comfortable with no rough edges and just the right height.
Arrived timely and as described.
Great price and work perfectly.
Love Skechers and now my husband does too.
Perfect gift for Daughter and Son-In-Law.
This was a gift and it was well received.
Easy to use and sturdy.
This got here very fast and I'm happy with the purchase.
Very sturdy and upscale looking.
Received item quickly and worked as intended.
It was accurate and awesome.
The stand is very sturdy and has a nice finish.
