I’ve not even had the case for a week and it broke.
very hard and uncomfortable.
Cheap and already falling apart.
Movie freezes mid-way through and skips to the end credits.
The sesame came out as whole and nothing grinded.
another card that I bought and i don't know why.
This was cheap material and did not fit well at all.
Slow read and boring.
Very cheap feeling and is a very large small.
This served no purpose and irritated my dog's neck.
Plugged into laptop usb and no response.
don't buy the range finder and don't buy the case.
Terrible, too thin and they break.
Was broken in half and was a gift.
What was this, a waste off my time and money.
Product bag was smashed and bag was spilled out in box.
The price is too high, and it keeps rising.
Terrible waste of time and money.
Too small and too dull to work well.
It went into workout mode and wouldn't leave.
Horrible and rock hard like they where stale.
This broke and didn't even make it through one school year.
Not as advertised and does not fit my Fob key.
Couldnt tell a difference and poor quality.
I just opened this sheet and it has a rip on the seam.
I ordered this and received a completely empty package.
I had one teaspoon and I was convinced I was going to die.
Bottle seal was broken and leaking upon delivery.
It's a waste of money, weak and didn't help at all.
Fittment was horrible and color was more red then orange.
It Broke when my Camera was attached and broke my lens.
Product arrived damaged and box torn up.
Headline and pic tell the story.
very poor quality, and bad sound.
Product came broken and unable to return.
Bags did not work and rip very easily.
just received the watch and it was like that.
Annoying toy and voice, with odd songs.
This product item is short and unusually wide.
Worked well for 1 month and then just stopped working.
It arrived dirty and one in the pack instead of 2.
Smells like flowers and baby powder.
Super boring and I did not learn anything new.
The product just work a few days, and broken.
Tiny containers of play doh and cheap plastic toys.
I was sent the wrong ones and they would not swap them out.
Battery won't stay charged and it restarts all the time.
Cheap and tore the first time I tried putting them on.
Very small and the bristles are extremely hard.
Boxes received were old and broken with bad dating.
Doesn't stick well and the cat just chews it off.
Bought in May of 2019 and the blue coating is coming off.
Ordered several times and received frozen put with dry ice.
Plastic is brittle and it broke the first time I used it.
Much smaller and poor quality than what I expected.
Those are not the brand and what they are supposed to be.
Thought edges were sharp and uncomfortable.
It’s flimsy and is highly susceptible to tearing.
Ive used it like 4 times and it already broke.
I ordered a 4 pack and only received 1 small pack.
Charged it over night twice and it will not even turn on.
Doesn't look good and hard to stick.
The cookies were broken and very small.
WAY to small, very thin and uncomfortable.
After two washes they stopped fitting and ripped.
I used this cord one time and it no longer worked.
This product leaked and damaged my wood table.
Did not work for me and amplify the signal at all.
The box was broken into and only 4 bags of chips arrived.
Became corrupt and quit working soon after I got it.
Tiniest cups in the world to try and catch urine with.
hard rim and too big.
Very flimsy, shakes and is unstable.
Predictable, and not much entertainment.
Cheap looking, HUGE, and totally not worth it.
I dont like it, It was awful battery and terrible sound.
Ridiculously small and cheap looking.
The shoe was too small and tight.
Doesn’t work, and it doesn’t fit into my jbl headphones.
Ripped on first wear and they were the correct size.
Open jar and it was used.
I received this and it did not work.
Too small and too heavy.
Cheap, not worth the money and looks nothing like picture.
I received a wrong item and I can't seem to return it.
The description said 4 pack and I only received 1 frame.
The quality of the fabric and design were low quality.
This product was defective and I cannot use it.
Very clear and very drying on lips.
Filter/screen tube and box are both crushed.
Got this product today and the seal was pulled open.
Had to return these and order directly from GE.
Doesnt work and no option for refund or replacement.
Came frayed and without the curtain rods.
I received the wrong item and could not even return it.
Didn't fit and I wasn't allowed to return it.
Advertised as 3 pack and was only a 2 pack.
it is too heavy for my shoulder and I need to return it.
I looked like a dumpy turd in this and had to send it back.
Git this in October and it just quit, won't power up.
Came in a huge box with no padding and ruined the box.
Disappointed in how large and heavy these glasses are.
Very oily and the mask is way too thick.
Phone flops around and its not secure.
Cheap quality, smells bad and is 2 sizes to small.
Very pretty, but soles are too hard and they hurt.
Got stuck and I had to push it through the rest of the way.
Leaking at the seam and nozzle on first use.
Two of three bottles arrived damaged and virtually empty.
I never received the product and I was charged for it.
Not as represented and now I can't even return.
Its very cheaply made, and it seems very easy to break.
The purse was cheap and it felled apart.
I add the egg and it spreads everywhere.
Very thin and not at all like the magic eraser.
Rope dropped out of hand during use and the handle broke.
Worked good for 3 or 4 weeks and then the timer froze up.
These are terrible, they are cheap and a waste of money.
Its not good, they taste stale and old.
Did not fit well at all and way to close to the ground.
After one year the edges rolled and cracked due to the sun.
Smelled like mothballs and amonia.
Installed in my truck and the pump failed 1 month later.
Just bought this and it’s alreadt falling apart.
Did not fit properly, and constantly popped off.
It said a 4 pack and I only received 2.
I plugged this in and no sound came out.
Too many cherries and red dye whatever.
Its pretty and I like the colors.
Was dead on arrival and i returned it.
I wore it for 20 minutes and the heel of the shoe broke.
Complicated and useless.
Did not hold curls and look like a wig.
Have waited a week for a response and have not heard back.
Felt stiff and sized too large.
Once it rain, it sag and the water stays on top.
I ordered this product and received 3 ramen noodles.
Worked for 3 days and burned out.
Looks nothing like the photo and it arrived broken.
Very cheap and didnt look ANYTHING like the picture.
Did not hold together well at all, and had a bad smell.
It’s very small and looks nothing like the picture.
Purchased 2 20 pack and only receive 1 pack.
I ordered it twice and neither works.
Used it for a day and it broke.
never recieved them and I never told you.
Very flimsy and virtually impossible to close.
Indoor and outdoor plant food.
Wouldn't work and it stopped charging.
Bit is super small and only lasted one use.
No instructions and could not attach to car.
My hand slides around and now my big toenail is coming off.
The material is cheap and easy to break.
The fabric is thin and quality is poor.
Came broken and returned.
The quality of the product is very poor and not suitable.
TERRIBLE product and customer service all around.
I used it probably 3 times and then it got a hole.
Poor quality product and shatters easily.
I order the dress M but it came so stretched and long.
Used 2x and the product is broken.
Peeled off after and hour of walking around.
Way too small and cheap quality.
Never received and couldn't get a refund.
Looked odd on and too big.
Size is not as described and this happened second time.
Nozzle never worked properly and now does not work at all.
I ordered this months ago and have yet to receive it.
The pad was very thin and didn’t make any difference.
The package was resealed and the bottle looked used.
Doesn’t work and will be returning.
Kept rolled up and when opened did not work.
Top cut short and not scalloped.
didn't like it and I remove it in the same day I put it.
Cheap looking and the seller does not allow for returns.
The mop is too heavy and hard to use I didn't like it.
They slip around and don’t absorb anything.
The lining broke the first week and now the handle did too.
Too bulky and uncomfortable.
Shirt wore out and seems ran after 1 wash.
Too small, and the clip was visible in the hair.
Terrible product, very cheap and very disappointed.
They were stall and hard.
Product was not well made and arrived falling apart.
Nozzle froze up after a few days and could not use anymore.
Not waterproof and bleeds on your eyelid.
Not enough pressure and its just a cheap novelty item.
Had it for one day and one of the stones fell out.
I ordered two of these and I only received one package.
Product did not work and did not stick to my body.
Digs into your wrist and not worth it.
won't last long and doesn't really work.
Did not fit and fell apart.
This item was too large and wide for ordered size.
does not dry for hours and smells.
Pulled the laces to tie and ripped the eyes off.
Ordered Two black and got bright purple.
Center screw is into plastic and comes loose easily.
very cheaply made, thin and sparse.
Used it 5 x and no longer works.
Product came 1 day late and was damaged.
Item was never received and seller will not respond.
Not bright and lasts about two days.
Damaged item shipped and package also damaged.
They look and feel very cheap.
This power bank only worked for 1 month and got damage.
This is a bad product and i wouldn't buy it again.
Came opened, emailed and they never responded.
I bought this exactly one month ago and it just broke.
I ordered the teal blue and revived a navy blue.
One light string did not charge up and work.
Great size but it has no power and eats batteries.
It was very uncomfortable and just had to return it.
Leaks like crazy, Have trashed it and went with a Ogio.
Arrived late and broken.
Never received this product and company refused to help.
This item was melted and destroyed.
Product ok but my package had been cut open and searched.
Charge is short lived and the remote sucks.
This is very cheaply made and is WAY overpriced.
Didn’t fit (too big) and broke after one day of wearing.
This sinks in my opinion and runs off quickly.
This cheap material, and these run extra large in size.
Product didn't do anything and very cheaply made.
These suck and did absolutely nothing.
too big and looks very cheap walmart hoops look better.
The makeup is so watery and does not go on well.
Paid for beans and they sent me corn.
The picture quality is poor, and not ok for day time use.
Much smaller than pictured and only one came.
After a few uses they fall apart and are hard to clean.
I ordered the 2 volume set and only received one book.
Cheap and will fall over so easily.
Packaged terribly and arrived mangled.
Cheaply made and full of loose seams.
It looks like new but the package is so dirty and damaged.
Never received this and don't remember ordering it either.
Garbage, cheap and they don’t work at all.
Poor quality and runs small.
Ordered a clock and got a mirror.
Lots of names missing and miss spellings.
said it was delivered and never received it in mail.
Never worked well, and now I can not return it.
Ordered 10 days ago and still waiting for delivery.
Stuck to paper and won’t stick to the surface.
I order two and neither seated properly in my refrigerator.
Used once, wouldn’t grip and ratchet broke instantly.
I never received the item and they don’t refund me.
It came broken and opened.
Never got my card and the seller does not even respond.
It's been months and I'm still waiting for this product.
Pretty but size runs extremely small and no stretch.
They were too hard and too big for my dog to eat.
The bare roots were moldy and only one of them sprouted.
Did not receive this item and no longer need it.
The lanyard only worked for a month and fell apart.
Waste of time and money I threw it away.
came open and did not have the markers that says it has.
Really only 2 colors, very dark and pink.
Cord snapped and broke after about a week.
Cracked easily and fell off the phone.
I ordered this over a month and have not received it.
Its been 3 weeks and yet no book.
Was old and dry, should have bought locally.
Ordered and I never received them.
Impossible to open and close.
Lasted 3 rides, and then it ripped from the back.
I never received my item and I was charged for it.
Asked for a refund and received it.
Disappointed by the colors and how big the pack rings were.
Used twice and now it will not turn on.
Tiny piece of strap and nothing like the picture.
Waited WEEKS for delivery -- and it doesn't work.
Ordered blue and received pink.
I order black and received an Orange role.
Way taller than I expected and they won't let me return it.
Had the sunglasses maybe 10 days and they fell apart.
Clippers are used, don't buy and waste time.
Unfortunately not what I ordered and not in the right size.
The seller was very honest and gave me my money back.
Motor blew and caught on fire on first use.
The paint is flaking off and it's only a month old.
Followed planting instructions and not one bud.
I've gotten sick and felt nauseous after taking it.
Very cheaply made and didn’t work.
I ordered a size 5 US toddler and I was sent a size 7.
This is not what was advertised and is made in China.
I ordered 3 and only received 1 pair of scissors.
Lipsticks were damaged and unusable.
Not good quality and the battery don't last much.
I ordered xxx- large and they sent size medium.
Fake and dumb, don't buy.
Doesn't work at all and can't find a refund avenue.
Slips and moves around alot.
Made my face sticky and look oily looking.
Adequate , it lost air overnight and was soft by morning.
Felt more like kinetic sand and had a residue.
Bought in April 2017 has tears and rips by now.
It came with a sensor and I ordered one without a sensor.
Doesn’t feel that comfortable and move easily.
Didn't work with my cricut and unable to return.
Material catches dog hair and is hard to get off.
Weak and easy to break.
The magnet piece fell apart and doesn’t work anymore.
It won't lay open and the week starts with Monday.
Candy was old and hard.
Strong smell and not very zen-like.
Ordered a black one and received a yellow one.
Made my husband have a rash and to itch.
Very slow at best and takes to long to make connection.
They are just odd tasting and oily.
Cheap and flimsy, should have known better.
One of the plastic came broken and didn't fit right.
They are too short and constantly coil up.
The ornament is oddly shaped, really flat and flimsy.
They tasted say stale and I won't buy them again.
Expensive and doesn’t seem to really make a difference.
Too small and broke within the first two days.
Earphone part too loose, and falls out.
My return was accepted and I am grateful.
Not comfortable and difficult to put on.
The package came open and dented.
Not well made and not good suction.
does not stick to phone, gap between glass and screen.
very dim and didn’t shine far at all.
cheap plastic and lens is scratched.
Product tasted mostly sugary, and not as much hazelnut.
Looks cheap and does not fit well.
It worked perfectly fine for 11 months and 3 weeks.
Wore the glove 5 times and the seam ripped out.
material was different and way too small for a large.
Super thin and doesn't stick.
Too difficult to slide on and off.
String winder and picks missing from packaging.
Spend a little more and get a Furman.
Arrived broken and had to fix it myself.
A sweet ring, but it’s very fragile and bends easily.
Worked for a month, then filled with water and died.
Curls on the edges and doesn't seal.
Worked 5 times, then just spun and made noise.
Loses connection too often and requires reset.
Too big and sadly, I took too long to return.
breaks a part in your hand and Not very moist.
Dry rotted and ripped apart in less than 1 year.
Fits small and color was different from pictures.
Way too tight from the waist and I really am a size 30.
The gems frequently get unscrewed and fall out.
The top part of it was longer and wider than expected.
I'm a size 6 and these were to small.
The heel is too narrow and not adjustable.
Don't know why, but husband and I couldn't get into it.
Is little small for my my, and to wash the top they left.
Too thin and tangles easily.
Leaves behind a chemical odor and residue.
Good in concept but this box was Old and dried-out.
Used one time and the puff fell apart.
This slipper arrived damaged and was ripped so i returned.
Too thin, light and see through.
Very cheap material and assembly.
The item is so small and hard to place in the correct spot.
Too cheezy and too expensive for the quality.
It does not remove with the hair and it hurts the skin.
Way too soft and squishy for good support.
Vail was heavy and poor quality.
The look and texture is not even close to the photo.
They are big and bulky, but hold towels properly.
The wallet is pretty and works but it is cloth not leather.
Bought an extra-large and they were still too small.
The line is not well secured and comes undone.
Eh gotta Medium and fits like a small.
It smudges and not in the good way.
Boots are even larger than the chart and reviews state.
terrible packaging, came wet and bent.
Wore the silver pair three times and the clasp broke.
Bunch up when you place items in and out.
It has horrible sound quality and is very static.
This candy was very hard and little cherry flavor.
I ordered 1 3/8-inch items and received 1 1/8-inch items.
Gathers a lot of hairs and dirts.
Not very warm, lost one and wasn't too unhappy about it.
My dog never stops pulling and still chokes.
The product was low quality and it was too large.
Caps come off very easily and the stamps dry out.
nice brush and colors but does not lost longer.
too small, and a lower heel than I thought.
Material felt strange and stiff, not comfortable.
Love them, but I ordered 2 sets and only received 1.
Good headset background noise is terrible and a bad echo.
Was ok I did not notice any changes and returned item.
Came half-off and looked terrible after washing hands once.
Makes a big mess, and doesn’t remove piling very well.
It's super slow and dies really fast.
Less then a year in and 1 of 3 cords still works.
Way too small and thinner than expected.
Wire cutters are clearly used and dirty.
Couldn't get the HDMI to work and it's really flimsy.
It's very dry and with too much pepper.
It bunches up after each shower and is really flimsy.
These are small and more like a 9" ball.
Its not one ill be watching over and over.
I paid for a new book and recieved a torn book.
white parts from the rings and sticks fell off in the pool.
I got this item and w/in a month it stopped working.
Did not get the sheets and pillow cases.
Hard to hold in your mouth and also to keep light on.
Gets moldy and discolored within 6 months.
Dropped my phone and it still broke with this case.
It is uncomfortable and pulls the hair on my arms.
The quality was very low and the picture became blurry.
Size med suddenly increased length and now is to big.
Top is too loose and display turns off too much.
Made in Mexico and not the same as those sold in the USA.
Attractive but made cheaply and light.
Lasted 5 months and just stopped working.
Didn't assist me and I didn't care for it.
been about 5 months and the headset is already failing.
The front and back of my Dad's pants still sagged.
Devise runs very slow, freezes, and shuts down on its own.
Do not like that it is plastic and won't last long.
This thing is cheap and dim.
Hard to use and not very informative.
Cheap and inflexible.
We order dark and received milk.
Cheap and broke after my son wore it once.
I returned these, they are very heavy, and fell off twice.
The pan arrived scratched and dented.
These hooks are very small and not worth the money.
Cheap looking and not a good value.
wheels and bearings are not smooth.
Used on one trip and already falling apart.
They are to flat and stiff.
Purchased 8 months ago and both broken now.
It was not big enough and it was way too small.
These look cool but way too big in length and width.
They're very small, and 1/2 of them had chipped tips.
It discolored my fingers and shower.
Does not look nearly as full and nice in person.
not very sharp and pulls the hair.
Read it in high school, and once was enough.
Very small and I didn’t like the material.
Smaller than it looks, cracks and tears easily.
To wear with boots and were too high.
Bad fit and causes paper jams.
Scents felt very artificial and gave me a headache.
Poor quality, washed it once and it’s alrwady super faded.
Box was open and missing parts.
batteries won't last and take too long to charge.
It lasted a month and a half, then wouldn't hold a charge.
The idea and the product is a great idea.
Does't work well and damages the ears of corn.
Bluetooth is very challenging to used and installed.
It’s been couple weeks and my Lab doesn’t get any better.
It doesn't work and I didn't like it.
Item came dented and scratched right out of the box.
Way too small for wrists and make very little noise.
Cheap material and not all material was included.
Way too difficult to use and cheaply made.
material is kinda crappy and thin.
It’s short and the fabric looks cheap.
The bottles leak and I would not purchase again.
It was very hard to install and keep on the AC.
Product was very flimsy and couldn't support my 165lb body.
one of the bottle was cracked and leaked everywhere.
Smaller than expected and seems cheaply made.
So incredibly generic and predictable.
Looked cheap and ruined the aesthetics of the dress.
Did not last an hour with puppy play and chewing.
Runs smaller than expected and also runs short.
Lasted a day and it broke.
Too thick like a crochet sweater yarn not cotton and light.
Very small and not the best material.
Looks cheap and smaller for my 13 inch MacBook.
Cord seems to have low quality ends and looses connection.
Gets dirty quick and feels funny on my feet.
These pants were not at all warm and I returned them.
The nose area was super thin and the fit was awkward.
My 4 year old wears a size 9 and these 10s were too small.
The pin in the band rusted and broke after one month.
May be too small to wear and I ordered up a half size.
very uncomfortable and didn't like the way it supported.
I have a 48 inch round table and this does not fit over it.
It was very heavy and did not fit into my walls at all.
The hinges were loose and were very difficult to close.
The toe was a but to narrow and the width was to tight.
Too slippery and can fall out of hands easy.
Not very comfortable and my eyelashes hit the lenses.
Very chip and wash of fast.
Solvent and gun oil - not much for the price.
These are very uncomfortable and I will be returning them.
I found this book hard to follow and it didn't work for me.
I bought 3 and 2 stopped working after a year.
I got an XXL fits really small and see through.
I have big quads and these are always riding up my leg.
The BB cream broke me out and made my skin very dry.
It not charging, and doesn't protect the phone.
Multiple cracks and the magnets keep falling out.
It died and no longer works.
It is fine and it is for my use.
Product arrived damaged and I was not able to try it.
It did not update and we ended up returning the product.
They are quite snug and have absolutely no stretch.
Stiff and heavier than I expected.
Figurine was discolored and looked stained.
the straps are too stretchy and they are way too long.
The recipe didn't work well and did not taste good at all.
When I received the doll it had been crushed and damaged.
Hard for kids to climb and slips on floor.
they literally dyed glue black and put it in a bottle.
Lots of shedding, but great fit and true to color.
Cute but for the size and quality price should be cheaper .
Mine showed up with several dents and a corner crushed.
Item doesn’t fit like it should and the top is poorly made.
Smaller than appears and very cheap feeling.
I ordered Redwood and got Cinnamon Chai.
Package arrived with shampoo leaking and broken pump.
Smaller than expected and lights aren’t bright enough.
It's pretty but the brush portion is very small and thin.
Lasted 2 days and the squeaker fell out.
Good, but light is cold and somewhat weak.
The wire brush and screwdriver was not included.
Great fit and color but wrinkles really bad.
I have super sensitive skin and it just made me more red.
Comfortable to lounge in, horrible to get in and out of.
halfway through my can and I see minimal results.
Too short and wobbly for standard toilet.
Had to return cause it was handle and manual.
She only used this for a few months and got another one.
Syrup leak from the cap and on the box.
Mine came leaking and 3 days late.
Some of the clips were loose and fell off in the box.
Easily kinked and broken cord.
Was horrible stiff and hard i just threw it in the closet.
It is just odds and ends of ham, not biscuit cuts.
Worn and laundered once, one pair is separated at the hem.
to hard to keep the outside clean and to clean the inside.
Not easy to use and don't like single ear.
Mirror corners did not join nicely and were damaged.
It was supposed to be 100 pieces and I only received 96.
Sleeves were too long and the wristbands too loose.
Product had several blemishes and gouges.
Feels like glue and looks Orange.
Ordered the yellow and I received the white one.
Looks and feels as cheap as it cost.
Was very fragile and broke within a few hours of having it.
Very thin and not as pastel-ey as I’d like.
I use them for my RC radio and they drain fast.
It broke and was spewing hot water after 2 weeks.
The lid is made of cheap plastic and doesn't fit properly.
Extremely flimsy and not very happy with my purchase.
does not get all hair out and legs do not feel smooth.
This quit charging and working after a month.
These are pretty small and don’t stay cold for long.
Very poor production and script.
Perfect fit but material too thin and see thru.
Not as tasty and effective as other brands.
It didn't protect the phone and can only hold one card.
Always fresh and enjoyed by our 10-year old lab.
The refresh rate of this is pretty bad and noticeable.
Not true to size, too small in bust area and hips.
Very thin and flimsy though color is nice.
It is ill fitting and very poor quality.
Didn’t clean up good and it broke as soon as it dropped.
Box damaged and ripped open.
Keys are extremely difficult to press and mouse is loud.
Not the color as shown and difficult to open.
Language and sex, not really enjoyable.
The connectors fall off and weak.
Did not stick on the curves and the glass came off easy.
They worked for a while and then broke.
Bits are soft and break or strip easily.
Not great quality - zippers do not open and close easily.
Half of the light packs are broken and don’t work.
While I am reading it keeps going dark and light.
Looked really small and cheap, had to return them lol.
Used one time and got a small hole.
It's cute, but thin and blows away easily if outside.
The ink seemed dry and the colors were very light.
I have worn it a few times and it is just OK.
Easy to use and worth the money.
The top is very low cut and does not much support.
It plays quickly, and is fun, but the ads can be annoying.
Nice blend of fantasy and reality.
Even after reading reviews and fitting chart, a bit large.
It doesn't get nice and frothy like I expected.
Works well and for perfect.
Doesn’t have a signal switching and set auto not running.
They run small and have a weird fit.
I had them a month and they said faded.
Slippers were nice and soft, but we're too small.
Very thin and not the quality I purchased previously.
The video camera and sound quality is poor.
I disliked the color and fit.
replaced a worn lid and it was the right price.
Zipper is hard to close and open.
Smaller and not as vivid as expected.
Brightness and resolution didn't quite work out for us.
the audio is disappointing, kind of fades in and out.
Ordered a larger size and still too small.
Button pops often and it is a little big.
They break easily and do not slide back & forth well.
Like the mug, but the lettering kind of runs and smears.
Extremely difficult to change out links and clasp.
I over loved it but it was dirty and obviously used.
Wire came loose and I had to repair it.
Color only stayed bright and vibrant for about 2/3 washes.
The smell of the product is horrible and stays .
Really soft and lightweight, but it did not fit.
Good quality and value for the price.
Wasn't as plush and soft as the picture looks bt still ok.
Good looking, but too tight for me and uncomfortable.
Sound quality is not good and product is just OK.
I found this a little stiff and kind of hard to work with.
Not cushy or comfy at all, and the top is too roomy/loose.
Book is too big and bulky.
The snap bands are akward to use and fall out.
The earrings look nice, they are cheap and brake easily.
we received the full size one and not the small one.
Runs small, and the material is quite thin.
Product came unsealed and some of the power spilled out.
Not very sturdy and tends to be squeaky.
The handle slips and does not stay locked in position.
They are very thin and were not what I was expecting .
This blanket is very soft and seem to do the job.
This thing is so loud and terrible vibration.
Very thin and smaller than typical mat.
Had it for a month and the long strap broke.
I like it and it is working very well.
some bags do not hold the seal well and become re-inflated.
I ordered white and got stainless steel.
Not quite fit and discolored / wear out too soon.
It’s cute and does the job, but you get what you pay for.
Shipped fast and package arrived in good shape.
Kind of cheap and flimsy but they do the job.
I like the price and the quality of the print.
It's an ok product and has a nice color.
Lids very difficult to open and close.
This item does not heat well, and it is non returnable.
The work and are of sufficient quality for the price.
Loses color and dust sticks to the cover.
Quite flimsy for the price and really bad paint job.
Bought two packages and one of the bulbs were broken.
Slightly smaller and I had gotten a bigger size.
Brittle material and very loose.
To large and heavy for my RV use.
The towels are thin and don't cool well.
Did not seem very sturdy and color seemed a bit distorted.
Box and product arrived damaged.
It’s very durable and cute, just small.
Ear was cracked and broken into 3 pieces.
Wish it had cupped left and right edges.
Too many settings and to complicated to operate for me.
It looks good and haven’t used it yet.
The cord is too short and it doesn't heat consistently.
Fits loosely and shipment arrived late.
It was very nice looking but very small pots and pans.
Mechanics are a bit off and the thumb is a bit annoying.
Soft and comfortable, but rip easily.
The print is really small and it is hard to read.
Kinda cheap and you see why it is this low of a price.
Received package and the little steak sign was broken.
The boot is really stiff and hard to break-in.
They are a good pellet for rats and plinking.
These are bulky and hard to use.
I just am not a fan of the scent and it's a bit strong.
Cute and different sizes.
Turns on and off many times in my bas, Fluke is better.
Not very comfortable and a bit awkward to deal with.
The buckle is too big and too heavy.
Good product and comparable to pricing.
Good for kids, but they did not win and that was dumb.
It lacks good explanations to the workout and diet.
Changed color and the ends come off.
It's ok a little small and the light is not very bright.
Definitely firm and support, but smaller than expected.
Tight around chest and restricted reach.
Need to return and get a half size bigger.
full and long, I was looking for something more natural.
Good service from seller and it works.
Not bright enough and not of good quality.
They dress up the bathroom but are thin and not made well.
I ordered this in white and it came in black.
OK, but crumbly and stale.
This hat fit somewhat large and the brim was hard to shape.
Stylish and comfortable.
They tend to come unstuck with side sleeping and sweat.
It's really heavy, thick, and awkward to move around.
I like the brow gel but I ordered light and received clear.
Easily tips over and makes huge mess.
I love sci-fi and this was okay, it started a bit slow.
It fits the handle and works just fine.
I stay something small and short.
Product fit well and wasn't uncomfortable.
The watch looks good but the feel and quality seem cheap.
Found cheaper and better quality at WM.
Really small and no instructions.
I'm 5'8" and it's just too short for my liking.
Quality is lacking but they are cute and cheap.
couples washes and their not useable again.
Very messy and did not clean stain.
A little too cutesy and unrealistic.
They are great for 2 uses and then they are terrible.
Quality is not what I expected and some parts are missing.
Nuts are so small and dry.
A little dented and missing a few chunks.
It squeaks and the big jade doesn't stay on the handle.
Protect my phones screen and easy to install.
Took these for 3 months and felt/saw no change.
Long and much repeated, , But fun to read .
Comfortable and seems to fit the bill.
They were a bit small and did not stay on my feet.
I think it works well and does the job.
They fall off and do not stay in place.
Dries out quickly, but delicious and good color.
Pretty thin material and already snagging from the wind.
Did not produce very much light and did not stick well.
Not enough water came out and dripped.
The seat cushions are too thin and not comfortable.
Most of the sharpies work and they’re bright in color .
Very hard and neither of my kitties were drawn to it.
Lights are nice and Brite but the wire is garbage.
Tops are loose and don't stay on.
The facial wipes were dry and the perfume wouldn't spray.
This is shorter and tighter than expected.
Give you energy but makes you feel weird and anxious.
great shirt, way too big and itchy.
It’s long and easy to move around.
They fall off easily and do not stick.
The tray doesn’t slide in and out very smoothly.
Not as expected, poor quality and wouldn't buy it again.
Mild GI upset at first and noticed some mild constipation.
Doesn't absorb well, and when you sweat looks awful.
This book was a bit boring and predictive.
The hardware looks too big and cheap.
Fairly made, light and small.
Product lid was off and product was spilt out into the bag.
Very informative and in great condition.
I'd rather take only one pill and not 3.
Made my hair greasy, dull and the smell is not that great.
They work, and are cheap.
Creativity and artistry set the book apart.
Doesn't create enough smoke and scent dissipates quickly.
Not as sturdy and durable as I would have like.
Beautiful color and fit, but very thin.
Battery came and fit but it does not stay locked in place.
Item arrived on time and exactly as described.
Box and doll were scuffed.
Smaller and cheaper than I expected.
One of the books and the box were a little ripped.
Shrunk significantly in the wash and now it's too short.
The earphones are convenient to carry, and they work well.
A bit too easy to pull on and off.
The ends are very ichy and rub my writs.
Item is a little flimsy and didn't come with instructions.
Nice shoe and it is easy for my dad to put on.
No sound and the software was hard to manage.
Yellow and green would not work no matter what I did.
very nice and feels great on really sore back muscles.
Useable but very beat up and ripped.
Cute "snuggy" but this is NOT lined and not very thick.
Nice and comfortable.
Hard to put back together and falls apart easily.
It was the wrong size and was returned.
Runs small and clasp are a little difficult to get on.
Comfortable and good fit, but cheaply made.
Color is not as dark as I like, and it’s messy to use.
They are not coated and occasionally difficult to swallow.
Bike rides carried snacks and tools.
Not working with my pc and is useless for me.
Was to loose and hard to use the side buttons on the phone.
Broken corner and I’ve had it for less than 3 months.
It rolls down and keeps coming off.
They are stuck together and is hard to remove them.
Hard to use and doesn’t work that great.
Dog chewed up the plastic and fabric is tearing & ripping.
Super small and not a lot of space to write.
Very small but cute and sturdy.
Good condition and was easy to install.
Very cute, fur Comes off here and there but not horrible.
The box was smashed and open.
Dropped phone and it didn't protect the phone it broke.
Dress fit ok but was see through and not finished well.
Could be a little bigger and better strap.
Not the highest quality but perfect size and price.
Product is well-made and comfortable.
Kinda floppy and too large.
This unit is economical and works well.
Good for the price, but falls apart quickly and easily.
I have only had this about a year and it is already broken.
works great smells OK will continue to use and recommend.
Perfect size for one plus three and convenient.
Very light and does a great job at keeping you cool.
A little pricey , however they work and hold up well.
Shrunk after washing and drying.
Bought these as a gift and they loved it.
It is unlike any other water gun and good price.
It's a fun read and the art style is great.
Nice casual slacks that fit and do not wrinkle.
This was a gift and the recipient seemed happy with it.
The product looks good and is soft, my wife liked it.
We use it for weekly schedule and chore responsibility's.
The quality and fit was better than expected.
Arrived on time, and was nearly identical to the originals.
Moves around a little but great absorbancy and works well.
These are a nice size and work well.
Definitely adds tranquility and sense of beauty to my ears.
Cheap, durable, great sound quality and appearance.
Dry foods and snacks.
It’s used as backup for my iPhone 8 and it works great.
Adjustable length and works great but overpriced.
It is body friendly, and no after effects.
Very strong smell and burns a little but still effective.
Very comfortable and easy to wear.
The shoe quality and sound is great for a toddler shoe.
great pick and choose alternatives.
Product came well protected and accurate per description.
Product was affordable and quality was good.
Wonderful product, easy to use and worth the money.
Fit perfect, and works like new now.
Nice material and zipper, a little larger then the picture.
Nice quality and cute print.
Sounds good and stays securely in place.
Item received timely and as advertised.
Great for removing stubborn blackheads and pimples.
Little known history made interesting, and easy to read.
it's lightweight and very durable.
I like that it doesn't scratch and that it can be washed.
Cool blouse it can be worn as casual and or dressy.
Nice and thick, but not too thick to be cut.
Comfortable and fairly well made.
It is made well and adds fun to bath tub time.
It is well made and I am sure will be useful.
Very cute and well made but way too large.
Good quality, and heavy jumper.
Nice looking and nice feeling forks.
Comfortable and stylish, a little bit on the narrow side.
Helped get rid of several cables and stays pretty compact.
Very nice quality and very pretty.
Works as it should, and not bad price for two.
Fits well, and it's not too thin of a fabric.
Good and Gentile product for sensitive skin.
It plays just fine on my cd player and it came on time.
seemed nice but a gift and not sure how they held up.
Great size and construction but not a rapid charger.
Easy to clean and use.
As described and great quality.
Bought as a gift, friend loved it and fit as expected.
I bought these for camping and they worked out perfectly.
Works as advertised, laptop back-up and running.
Should be for teenage and older children.
Fits well and does what i need it to.
Easy to use and does what it says it will.
This is a gift for my daughters and daughter-in-law.
As advertised though heavy and need larger bite.
These are very cute and entertaining for kids.
I like the lightweight, crossbody and sparkly purse.
The item fit well and was received in a timely fashion.
Nice and sturdy but latches could be better.
Beautiful and brighten the bathroom.
The size was perfect, not too big and not too small.
This is a medium protection case and works well for me.
Small and Easy to use.
Adorable flowers and the pens write very well.
Same as for the book 2 and planner.
It's beautiful and has a lot of space .
The online code worked, and everything was inside.
They look and feel nice.
Works great - nice and clear.
For everyday use in our office and warehouse.
Squeezes the juice out of feet and ankles.
My 1st air compressor and not to bad for general use.
Nice size, heavy enough to hold up and attractive.
They stick well to the windows and are very cute.
Open up bath tube drain and smooth sailing down the drain.
It fits like a glove and is super soft.
I am enjoying this series and glad I stumbled on.
Fits my MacBook Air perfectly and it looks great.
Really cute and my husband loved the surprise.
Just got it, and well we shall see, so far so good.
Straight shooting, no bull, get it done and win.
Not much for protection but it’s cute and fits great.
This sofa sleeper is small and short, but very comfortable.
Jar was broken and juice was coming out.
Nicely written, funny and sad, very easy reading.
Only used it once and so far it seems to be working fine.
I loved this and need to grab the next in the series.
Good looking and very functional.
Well made, and it’s the perfect length.
They are sturdy and worth the price.
Fits well and is very comfortable.
Works well and washes well.
instant hit with 7 and 11 year old.
I liked it was what I ordered and cheaply made at all.
Great antenna and you don’t have to put it on the roof.
I have bought two sets of these and would buy them again.
Install and worked very smoothly.
Soft and easy to wash.
Easy read and was shipped in a timely matter.
good screens, just counted and only had 145.
It's a battery and it works.
It was easy to install and works very well.
Flimsy and went bad quickly.
Very comfortable and hides my tummy.
In Great condition and easy to use.
Easy to put on and remove.
good softness and affordable.
Smells nice and works well.
Used it a few times and am happy with it.
Very good product and ordering more.
Fairly easy assembly and works great.
Very easy to install and bright.
Good and sticky, got the job done.
Competitive pricing and easy to work the program.
great material and colors runs big.
great price and well made product.
Heavy and durable but doesn’t prop up very well.
Works well for its light weight and compactness.
This is working fine and its well made.
Does what it says and much cheaper.
I like the extra lenght to handle the meats and vegetables.
Decent sheets, comfortable and cozy for winter.
These are comparable to norwex and work great.
Very easy to use, just plug and play.
smell good and last averagely long.
Adorable hide and seek game that is a great first game.
It is a lovely bag and well constructed.
Fits well, and provided what it was purchased for.
It fits and works for our pot lids.
Just what I wanted and very well made.
Arrived on time and as described.
This was a great book and find.
Our Mastiff loves it and puts it on easily.
Does as expected and lights up well.
Did a nice job on my furniture and left no scent.
My wife loves the quality and fit.
Good quality and sound.
This little guy is well made and great in tight spaces.
These work well and are durable.
The razor cuts well and holds the charge.
A little small and hard for water volleyball.
The spinach was very fresh and delicious.
Great for the casual players who enjoy puzzles and variety.
My wife uses this product and has found it to be helpful.
I used this product for my new counter top and I like it.
Cute but hard to assemble and keep together.
Got it as a gift and they say it is helpful.
the rose gold is pretty and its lightweight.
Works great and I'm still learning how to clean my griddle.
Much better than the wax seals and easier to install.
Interesting and kept my attention.
Very comfortable and unique style.
as advertised and arrived on time.
Easy to assemble and looks nice.
I like the layout and the smaller size.
Fits the screen well and adds sense of security.
A great read and very detailed.
Pretty thick and warm.
Great for the price and to play around with.
This was suppose to be a skull and it was wolves.
It's a great buy and it's quality is good.
Soft and very well designed.
Good quality and good design.
Good quality and value.
Product arrived quickly and was as advertised.
It was the right size and is working well.
I liked the fast and efficient service.
I love them and great support for the cord.
Does the job of protection and not a lot of bulk.
Like the story line and a easy read.
Very nice looking and fits snug.
It fits and has lasted.
Really good, comparable to Green Mountain and Starbucks.
Size of bag was good and the color is eye catching.
perfect color and looks good.
Helmet was same picture and price looks good.
This product is well made and very durable.
beautiful color but the lid is very hard to get off and on.
Small, sturdy and packable, but a bit heavy.
This is a safe and affordable for cleaning your ears.
This item was a gift and the person loved them.
Chrono functions work well and it's a perfect size.
Organized religion is a scan and this helps prove that.
sturdy and holds its weight in firewood.
It came in a nice fancy box and tasted great.
Great case and does protect mh laptop.
Two letters F and J poorly drawn.
The mat is very well made and I know will last a long time.
good watch easy to set up and great looking for the price.
Product is of good quality and came as advertised.
It's fine and serves a purpose.
They came promptly and they do the job.
My skin is oily and it works for me i like that.
Good quality and holds well, looks very nice.
The caps arrived on time and were as advertized.
I like this product and it looks good over my desk.
Top and bottom fit as if two different sizes.
We like the design and how nicely it fits.
works great and is a quality product.
Great deal, quality and size for the price.
Lightweight and durable.
Good price and very sturdy.
Very easy to install and locks tight.
Item came when it was stated and was what I expected.
The socks fit well and appear to be well constructed.
Great character and a great story.
Great product, good price and right on time.
Sharp blade and reasonable price.
Good car hands free Bluetooth and easy to install.
Loved the color and style.
Works great and serve their purpose.
This was helpful for doing sit-ups and push ups.
Perfect Fit , easy to install and looks cool.
Pretty and all, but makes the phone bulkier.
I love Grace and Frankie, Season 2 was good for a laugh.
Received only 1 wipe and not 2 as indicated.
Not super soft, but good quality and really cute.
Good price and right size for my storage needs.
I bought this item for my daughter and she loved it.
Good looking and works well.
put together easily and for price works just fine.
Thick and quality as expected.
Very good feeling and light.
Nice case well made and holds all my supplies.
Dress cool and comfortable but wasn’t a good fit.
Product description was perfect and worked as expected.
Fits nice and looks good.
Fair price and good quality provided.
Fun book with nice illustrations and writing.
i searched the instruction online and it works fine.
Looks and feels great, fits well, but no pockets.
The armband is comfortable and works well.
Good quality, arrived quickly and as described.
very spacey and does not fall while driving.
Lightweight and breathable, while keeping particles out.
This horn is cool and easy to hook up.
Very comfortable and warm.
Material is beautiful and well made.
