Fits the car and works as it should.
Received on time and in perfect condition.
Very soft and comfortable.
Very good price for very strong and easy to use chain.
Easy to use and cleaning is easy as well.
That it cleans really good and I used it for my retainers.
My son loves it and quality is good .
The game arrived safely and works well.
Great product, easy on the teeth and great taste.
Love the look and texture of this runner.
Loved the characters and story line.
Nice brushes, long lasting and easy to clean.
Bought this for my wife and she said so far so good.
Nice and comfortable.
Well made and exactly what I wanted at a good price.
Long lead time and the chain is too short.
Fast shipping and good price.
Big enough and comfortable.
They are cute and was just a little too long, but work out.
Very good acting and story.
Fits perfect and pretty soft pink color.
Item as expected and described.
Fits good, feels good and looks good.
Easy reading and enjoyed reading it.
well made and good quality.
Well written and interesting.
It's a birthday gift for my wife and she loves it.
The characters and storyline I liked.
It was a painful and cheap process but it works.
These work well and are soft, can't ask for much more.
This hoodie is thin, cotton and comfortable.
Good price and durable material.
thread was pretty nervous and it works very well.
For the price, the amount and quality are very good.
These are sturdy and found to be easy to clean.
I liked it and it was a gift.
This holds safety and securely all of my 50+ watches.
fit on my decoy and looks realistic (no turkeys however).
Very stylish and holds everything I need.
my main concern was side effects and none experienced.
Clean and great looking.
Nice and soft but a little on the heavy side for Futon.
Very stylish and value for money.
Strong and sturdy, but to small for me.
Nice shirt and fits well.
A little flimsy, but very cute and useful.
Easy to use Well built and good price for starter drone.
This dress is stretchy and super sexy.
Nice and thick, comfy.
Good seeds and good lettuce.
Easy to setup and easy to read.
Very nice and durable cake topper.
Liked the size and that the battery life is pretty good.
Doesn't stick to my door and ripped the paint off my wall.
I have a 38DDD chest and the XL fits just a bit snug.
nice quality, and very soft.
Exactly what I needed and was easy to replace.
Holds up ok and does a good job.
The paint peels and its hard to open the first time.
Decent packaging and a nice board.
Good quality and easy to use.
Sturdy shelves and constructed well.
Nice backpack, great compartments for devices and usb cord.
I like design and i'ts so comfortable.
Great quality product, packaging, and service.
Have two and love them for laying about the pool.
Very cute and easy to track milestones with the stickers.
I have used this item twice and it seems okay.
Product delivered and in good condition.
It's quite fast in 5G band and has a strong signal.
good and soft, good price.
Took a while to be delivered and runs on the small side.
good case, it is slim and thin.
Good quality and reasonably priced.
It was funny and worked.
Good fit and cute, but very long (will have to cut off).
Built tough and looks great.
looks good and maintain overflow.
I like music and Elton John.
Plates look very nice and are a great price.
I like item and price.
NIce and practical umbrella.
Fast delivery and as advertised.
I'm a short chick, 5'2 and had to hem.
Very cute and comfortable Shawl.
I wish it is larger and made better.
Phone is good, and camera is really good.
My daughter doesn’t like it but, it’s made well and works.
Love this wig, everyone loves it and I will buy it again.
Many nice looking pieces, and a good price.
The product arrived on time and is doing as advertised.
Too big and it's the smallest one but otherwise good.
Easy to install and worked to pump fluid to my windshield.
Mixes up easily and tastes great.
Good quality and comfortable.
Good quality and color.
Very good flavor and nutritious.
The leash seems to be made good and a good price here.
I absolutely love it as a shampoo brush and scalp massager.
Light and easy to use.
Nice gloves, wish forefinger and thumb were longer.
A bit small but very pretty and nice.
They do their job and hold up well.
Item appears to be well made and should not rust quickly.
Very comfortable and fits well.
as described and lets you charge if needed.
It is as people described and would buy it for a gift.
Arrived quickly and having multiple lengths is great.
Have not had very long but like so far, fit and color.
look good, and fun, but do not last long.
They work just fine, and are very sturdy.
These socks are tight and I have small feet.
Overall good quality and fits well.
Good product and looks good on the wall.
The lights are bright and it works well.
The Neck Track makes massaging my neck easy and effective.
Yes, it is creepy and my 12 year old loves it.
Works well and looks good.
Work great and fits well.
We got it for our beach outing and had fun.
It’s a solid review of pharm and easy to understand.
It's a great color and I like it.
Great and sits in the foyer area of my home.
Everything fits and works fine.
The unit is well designed and is very soothing.
Purchase these magnets and so far love it thank you.
Very easy to install and got my washer working quickly.
I like the wallet and the fact it had rfid.
Its heavy and very hard for a left handed person to use.
Entertaining and in a weird way funny.
So far so good except brightness and it is slightly blue.
It was pretty compact and slim as expected.
Did the job and was received promptly.
Exactly what I expected and ended up arriving early.
I love the color and they are great.
looks and fits great.
All okay and no customer issues.
It is not as thick and cushy as I thought it would be.
Lots of fun and my son loved it.
I use these for a 5 ib chihuahua and they fit perfectly.
received 2 coffee cups and 1 bowl broken.
Case is beautiful and well made but very heavy to hold.
Very nice belt and well made.
Perfect fit and GREAT quality.
This strip is well made and easy to work with.
These filters fit good, and appear to be well made.
I liked the clear lettering and fast service.
Easy to use, and exactly as described.
It was fast paced and interesting to the end.
Easy to use, good handling and does the job.
I am so happy and surprise with the quality.
Well made and works as expected.
Nice and large but you can collapse a section.
I like this product very much and it works well.
My 3 yr old loves the lights sounds and that it will roll.
I liked these they were easy to use and were very durable.
For apartment it is good and useful.
I bought the tattoos for my daughter and she loves them.
Easy set-up and seems like good mid-print quality.
I liked them and the price was good.
it arrived on time and was exactly as advertised.
They do the job and they appear to be of decent quality.
Pretty and well crafted, also comfortable.
Very quick and easy to use.
Seemed pricey for the material and design.
It’s pan is good and but not that big.
I like the price and the dress.
It ok, Its medium coverage and I was looking for full.
quality is good connects charges and syncs.
Only a few dollars and works great.
I dislike how hard it was to take it off and put it on.
My brother and stepson like them.
I have but the gray cover on the car seat and I love it.
Holds very well and looks cute.
The thing I liked most was the color, and it was squishy.
These hats are cute and they really keep their hair dry.
The colors are pretty and goes with anything I like.
It was a gift to my wife and she still has it.
It's perfect--light enough for spring and easy to care for.
The item arrived quickly and was as I had expected.
The fitting was not comfortable and the mask was heavy.
Needs rebooted now and then but overall works well.
They are great to clean and walking in the rain.
As described, short life span and seemed smaller when used.
These are great bras for everyday work and running around.
Pictures are beautiful even while black and white.
Very slick surface and food just slides off.
A good price and a warm comfortable sock.
Safe and easy to use.
Fit really well and is mostly hidden behind mirror.
It's like air drying and it very convenient.
They were good gloves and the price was good.
better than nothing but not like shampoo and water.
Exactly what I needed and it is as described.
Exactly as described and perfect for travel.
Very comfortable and supports the feet well.
It was very detailed and had a nice weight to it.
Stays closed and opens easily.
Nicely presented and packaged to prevent damage.
Very useful and simple to understand.
GPS not very accurate but can call child and check in.
Good value for your money and safety.
Easy to understand and use.
Great product and shipped fast.
Nice fragrance for everyday and affordable.
Arrived on time and in perfect condition.
It fit perfectly and easy to install.
Well written and researched.
Very light weigh, easy to use and excellent price.
She always writes exciting and interesting books.
Very comfy and nice looking shoe.
Just received it used it and it made my skin very soft.
I gave them as a gift and the lady thought they were great.
Great price and value.
great case but cards are hard to get in and out.
Very well manufactured and easy to put together.
Great value for a small sized mop and broom storage.
Use it for long drives/camping, cheap and does the job.
Duarable and good quality.
Always a great deal and the product meet my needs.
Some great recipes and pointers on smoking in here.
Just what I was looking for and nice quality.
No bells and whistles here, but it’s worked just fine.
Good character development and realistic story line.
Bought as a gift and she loves this case.
Soft, comfortable, and fit perfectly.
This is for my grandson and I love the variety.
Very cute, solid and looks great.
Light weight and comfortable women’s socks.
Worked like a gem and renewed my bike pump.
Felt, looked, smelled, and tasted as advertised.
Cool, comfortable, perfect fit, and the price is right.
love love this, smells good and makes lips super soft.
The product meets my requirements and is economical.
This was given as a gift and the recipient loved it.
it looks nice and matches our bathroom tiles.
Awesome light and works well for my needs.
Works and has replaced my guard dog that passed away.
Great taste, Amazing Smell, and just great.
Have it in a hallway closet and love it.
inexpensive and work well.
Great fit and awesome quality.
The wax was clean and bright ready to make candles with.
Easy to install and they look great.
It was just what I needed and it came in timely.
like light weight and more room inside .
Very sturdy and beautiful design.
These are perfect and are exactly what I was looking for.
Look identical to the original, and works fine.
The color is awesome and the fit is great.
Very cute and great color.
Enjoyed this book and the whole series.
Good product and size was great for price.
Super easy and quick to put together.
Nicely made and the pictures are great.
Great value and price.
Best item and you get five for your Jeep.
Cute, easy to use and less clutter on my night table.
These look good and do the job.
These switches work fine and feel really solid.
Bought this for a colleague and she really liked it.
I feel good and have energy.
Bought them as a gift and my Co-Workers loved them.
Exactly what I expected and needed at a fantastic price.
Fits as expected and feel just like regular underwear.
So cute and delicate.
Good collection of tools and accessories.
Great durable and easy to install.
Works well, looks nice and it is easy to use.
As advertised and as promised delivery.
I appreciate the quality and ingredients of this product.
As expected and convenient.
Easy to use and works great.
Cute design and perfect for getting ready in the mornings.
They were comfortable and met my expectations.
Very happy with price, quality and appearance.
Good and reliable product.
The product installed easy, and seems to work fine.
Nice collar, well made, and fits as promised.
Gave it as a gift and that person raved about it.
This is our second set of these and we all love them.
Installs easy and works the bomb.
Very functional and does the job.
Works perfectly and charges quick.
It's close to my color and doesn't look caked on.
Really cute and well made.
Nice quality material and vibrant colors.
Cords were as described and appears to be very durable.
This was a present for my wife and she loves it.
Bought for my grandson and he loves it.
Excellent product and expedited service.
Easy to put up and work great.
Received on time and great product.
They are exactly what I needed and work great.
These are heavy-duty and the feet grip well.
Could not do better than Amazon for price and size.
Very roomy and sturdy.
I dig em' and would buy another pair.
Arrived as promised and so far so good.
Fit great and she loved them.
Applied product very well and was very soft.
Look and worked great.
Very weird and interesting.
Very happy with delivery and quality.
Beautiful and well made.
Great clumping and easy to scoop.
Card is well constructed and the dragon is great.
My grandson loves these cars and carries them around.
A very nice crystal for charging my bracelets and stones.
Super cool and nice looking.
Easy to assemble and looks nice on my desk.
Great quality and easy to install.
My husband uses it and loves it.
Good quality, easy to install and my daughter liked it.
My daughter is reading this series and she loves them.
They are a bright red and are not to long.
It is compact and easy to store when you don’t need it.
I bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it.
Love the red color and very good material.
Came in cute Packaging and looks just like the picture.
Really nice stand and it works as good as it looks.
Easy to assemble and use.
Perfect size, plus just plug and play with no problems.
Exactly what we needed and they arrived in a timely manner.
Easy to install and perfect match.
Best spot and grease removal I have ever used.
works well and love the shows.
Price, fit, and style all fit my needs.
Such a great and educational movie.
I like this product and would order another one.
Nice medium weight canvas, primed and ready to go.
These work great and are still working months later.
they are great for the money and are really easy to use.
Gift, was received and loved.
Fit was very good and good value for the money.
This product is very easy to use and versatile.
Installed in backyard, very bright and good quality.
They were comfortable and fit properly.
Great item, true to size and holds up well in the wash.
Comfortable, durable and good looking.
Good sprayer and comes ready to use.
Excellent seller and superb product quality.
Very nice and sturdy.
great socks, they feel great and wear well.
Looks and works great.
Breathable, sized right, supportive, and quality.
Great soap and easy to use.
Fast shipping and it was perfect.
Fit perfectly well and functions perfectly fine.
it is a good set up love it and the color 2 thumbs up.
Everything went well and was as described.
Arrived today and my daughter can't wait to watch it.
The product is easy to use, and I use it with my iPhone Xr.
Awesome very accurate and I use it daily.
Fits much nicer than the original and stays snapped.
Very addictive and get challenging as you climb the levels.
Cute design and perfect size.
Good size and heavy duty.
Easy to install and works great.
Had rough hand and feet, rubbed it in for 2 nights, great.
They are so Q and the quality is good.
Very cute and do what they are supposed to do.
Fast delivery and easy to install.
Good quality and fast shipping, thanks.
first time, and not disappointed, good.
Gorgeous dress and so comfortable.
Fast shipment and easy to install.
Sturdy and we'll made.
This clock is accurate and a good size for old eyes.
Pretty nice and perfect to protect the device.
Excellent product and quality.
Excellent light with a wide range of color and effects.
This movie had action and family time in it.
I love the Gaines family and all that they do.
Working great for walking and while I’m at work.
Gave these as gifts to nieces and nephews, all were happy.
Used for small repairs and in tight spots.
Great functionality and durability.
looks just like the picture and it's all good.
Large, and it definitely stays on all night.
These bulbs were packaged securely and arrived quickly.
Just as expected, they fit well and are comfortable.
Great quality, the material is metallic and looks strong.
I got this for hubbies new hobby and he loves it.
Bought these for my daughter and she loves them.
Perfect size and good quality.
Bought this for my son and he absolutely loves it.
Clean, fit perfect and easy to use.
I'm a single man and this fits my lifestyle perfectly.
Great movie, great cast and it ends good.
Purchased for a gift and it is loved.
Ordered this for our wii and it works great.
Good quality packaging and delivered on time.
It was a lot more plush and cuddly than it looked.
This product was as described and arrived on time.
I am a soccer referee and I like it.
Arrived as advertised and on time.
I bought these as stocking gifts and they were a big hit.
Best price anywhere and shipped fast.
This product showed up in 1 day, and the smell is lovely.
speedy service and affordable also.
Liked the color and the assembly ease.
Convenient for carrying and mindful of purpose.
Good quality paper and a hard cover to support it.
Great price and quality.
Sound great and look great.
Love the glitter and variety of colors.
It was in great condition and was delivered very quickly.
Great quality and value.
So cute and my daughter loves it.
works well and tastes great.
The filters work well and clean easily.
Super soft and perfect for any sofa.
Easy to use and provides great sound.
Soft, comfy, and a beautiful color.
Comfortable and easy on/off.
Works and looks great.
Does the job, looks great and easy to install.
It looks nice in my screened porch and it will not rust.
Great price, looks good and easy to put together.
Very nice looking, great quality and well designed case.
Soft enough for me and have good sleep last night.
Well made and worth the price.
I love it, very good and reliable case.
The product is good and filled up my expectations.
Fits the can, screws down and seals.
Socks fit well and have a good grip on the bottom.
Great sound and comfortable.
Seems to be holding up great and are very soft.
The color is nice and it fits comfortably.
Fits well and it was a good price.
I like the price and the product is extremely well made.
This was a good price and the product works well too.
Arrived on time and even included a spray bottle.
Perfect size and durable.
Great for smoothies and pop in the dishwasher to clean.
Charges fast and keeps all devices with one cable.
Very strong and sharp looking.
Used another product and it was like paste much better.
Super cute coin purse, and great quality.
Quick, easy and always pleases.
Material is good and my grandson loves it.
This thing is compact and exactly what I needed.
Fits well, looks great and keeps me warm.
I like the clear reception and voice clarity.
Its a thumb drive and works.
Love how the machine is compact and easy to use.
These were durable easy and alot for the money.
Great price and fit well for longer, thin baby.
Beautiful case seems sturdy and love the flowers.
Fast delivery and was exactly what the description stated.
I bought this for my grandson and he absolutely loved it.
Great size and they work great.
Very smooth and flavorful.
Just received, easy to set up and use.
Arrived timely and works great.
Great product and service.
Super cute and sturdy.
My son set up a new tank and these fit in there perfectly.
Looked same as oem, fit perfectly and a very good price.
great wallet very soft and beautiful.
Well written and directed.
Seem to be made well and were easy to install.
Easy and comfortable to wear.
Looks great and works well.
This is bigger than I expected, and I am happy with that.
Works well and keeps the fridge looking more organized.
Look great and get the message across.
Cute and seems to be good quality.
Fast shipping and it looks great.
Easy to put on and they stay in place.
Fast shipping and excellent product.
Everything I expected and more for the price.
I bought this as a gift and he loves it.
Excellent product and fast delivery.
my daughter love it and using it almost everyday.
Very easy to install and picture is great.
This thing is sturdy and very high quality for the price.
Easily installed and very accurate time-keeping.
Just as advertised, and works well.
It's beautiful, and the quality is very good.
What I expected and quick delivery.
Covers a large area and very productive.
Great rug, very plush and doesn't move or shift around.
I bought this as a gift, and the recipient loves it.
Belt works great and a 3-pack is a good deal.
Nice chain and metal even though its not solid gold.
As described and arrived on time.
Very well written and researched.
Great unit and conveniently able to break down for travel.
Very well reasoned and thought provoking.
My son enjoys them and so do I.
Very comfortable and cute.
I repair my tablet charging port fast and easy.
Very comfortable and the perfect size.
Brushes work as depicted and advertised by the seller.
Fits well, and Gets a lot of compliments.
i used the bag for the gym and it durable.
Very soft, and looks good after multiple washing.
It works well and it's easy to clean.
Sturdy, well made and easy to assemble.
Great look and well made, good purchase for me.
Loved them, great quality and perfect for my ceiling fan.
Love it and terrific price.
Looking good, well organized and nicely presented.
Awesome looking and very durable.
These shoes look great and are a good value.
love the colors and the wool.
The scent is long lasting and so fragrant.
Came on time and is what I expected.
bought to give as a gift but it smells and looks amazing.
Works exactly as designed and intended.
Arrived fast and was inexpensive.
All works and fits as hoped.
Great quality and spin.
Easily adjusted and fits well.
Had this for two seasons now and have no complaints.
great product and 24 hour shipping, you can't go wrong.
I like this product so much, very natural and clean.
Great product in quality and price.
I like this color and brand - lasts long.
Makes great GF pizza and super convenient to use.
Keeps bow string nice and waxed.
Product arrived quickly and is exactly what was advertised.
The book was new and in great condition.
Very pretty and perfect for our daughter’s teepee.
Fit perfectly and does everything as advertised.
Hanes is a great brand and fit as expected.
Nice charging cords and a good value.
Great gloves, fit well and did the job.
This was a gift and worked out well.
excellent fit and quality.
This was what I ordered and it’s what I received.
This is a gift and i am confident it is what she wants.
Easy to install and good tasting water.
Definitely helps plants grow and grow stronger.
Fits well, and looks good.
Bought this for my daughter and she said it helped a lot.
Candy was fresh and exactly as expected.
Sturdy, well made and currently hanging out in my closet.
Perfect, not too hard and not too soft.
My wife and kids we use it all the time.
bought for my daughter and she likes them a lot.
Fits wonderfully and has well coverage.
This is solid, stable, and works well for how I use it.
I like the color and texture.
It was for my great granddaughter, and she loved it.
Really nice fit and good material.
Excellent quality, thick and durable perfect fitment.
It arrive on time and its a good product.
Classy, and it looks good with a LV bag.
Great cast and great movie.
Holds all my cards, makes it so easy to grab and go.
It's so smooth and works well.
Tons of colors and great quality.
Mounts very good and fits remotes.
Looks cute and works great.
My 7 year old picked out this backpack and loves it.
Excellent product and fits perfectly.
They do what they’re suppose to and are a good price.
Like this shaker bottle, durable and well made.
Very thin and do not hav choices of colors.
Very easy to use and it works as discribed.
Exactly as shown in the image, and the soap smells awesome.
Liked the flavor and the price.
Quiet and easy to use.
Easy to use and store pictures from my iPhone 7.
Like what I ordered, and like it very much.
Easy to use and works well.
I tried several different leashes and this was my favorite.
Exactly as described and received in 2 days.
This item works great and I am very happy with my purchase.
Great product and the smell is not to strong.
Great product and price, Change filter every 6 mo.
It’s cute and fit as expected.
Great value, excellent quality, and easy to install.
Looks great and was surprisingly easy to assemble.
Liked the variety and price.
The shirt and sticker were both very good quality.
These fit nicely and are a nice weight for winter wear.
Gave as a gift and it was VERY well received.
Interesting book and informative.
Super cute, and doesn’t look like it’s an under $10 watch.
Was quickly delivered and great quality/price.
Towels are plush and soft, standard bath size.
operates and looks good.
I love that the bristles are well separated and long.
Very Easy to Use and link up to your cell.
Just what I wanted and came early.
Great value and quality.
Really nice scent and good burn time.
It is so cute and comfortable.
Arrived on time and works well.
i love this book and have recommended it to others.
Best hiking cleats- they stay put and give stability.
Comforter set is soft and colors are great.
Looks good and fits well once adjusted.
Fast delivery and ready to use.
Works Perfect and came just in the knick of time.
Like the compact size and nice product.
I love it and its easy to use.
This bra is so pretty and comfortable.
Love it, the color and quality are better then pictured.
Excellent seller and product.
These are fantastic and soft.
These are good quality and price.
It was one of the oils I wanted and am very happy with it.
Very flattering and comfortable.
Heartfelt and she is mentor to a lot of people Thanku .
These are great and have everything I need.
As described and good price.
Arrived quick and exactly as I had hoped.
All the colors are very nice and work well with my artwork.
Day delivery and exactly as specified.
Quick delivery, good price, and easy to install.
Product is amazing and makes my hair so soft.
Very convenient and seem to be durable.
Very easy to install and well made.
Very easy to use and I really like the shape of this mold.
Looks nice and is comfortable.
My Terrasoul Pumkin Seeds are always delicious and fresh.
Great movie and fast shipping I was very impressed.
So cute and excellent quality.
Item worked perfectly and was exactly as described.
I got this for my two year old grandson and he loves it .
Looks great and classic style.
Great price and case works well.
Quick delivery and love the targets.
Arrived quickly and seems to work really well.
Nice kit and great value.
I use these for walking and jogging, very comfortable.
I gives me more energy and helps me to run faster.
Good quality and it works as promised.
Great storage and a sitting bench.
They worked perfectly and fit exactly as described.
Works perfectly and nice to look at.
Easy to install and very well priced.
These oils seem to be stronger and last longer.
These brake pads were easy to install and work well.
Comfortable and good looking.
Bright, light and easy to install.
Excellent book and service.
Excellent product I use this bottle daily for gym and work.
Well built and a good looking piece for the price.
I love it and the color is beautiful.
Very good looking and well made.
Sturdy, solid and handsome looking.
Very good and seems to work great.
I loved the color of this case and the functionality.
I love them and they were easy to put on.
This works as described with my iPhone and iPad.
Small and easy to use.
Came quickly and was exactly what I had hoped it would be.
Sharp and handles well.
Nice and light to wear for summer.
This belt is comfortable and classy.
Fits perfect and protects my monitor.
Gave this to my mom for a Christmas gift and it was a hit.
Sheets were super soft and my daughter loves them.
Love the color and they keep stuff cold for hours.
Fit and even color match the Costa's I got for my wife.
Good quality and happy with the product.
Beautiful and bright colors.
Just fits my height of 65 inches and it's easy to install.
Great flavor and great affect.
Works and seems to be decent quality.
Great quality and fit as expected.
I liked the feel of the fabric and it runs true to size.
Fit and worked perfect with a good price.
Quality product and a good price.
It does run a little big, but it stays on and does its job.
Good value and they stand behind the product.
Soft and washes very well.
Easy to set up and use.
Fits great and is a nice sheet.
Bought it for my brother and he loves it.
Fast shipping and the water shoes are so comfortable.
Just Erasers they look and are erasers.
Great product and an ever greater price.
Good quality and still going strong.
Very good quality, and they STAY PUT.
Used on air compressor and various tools.
The product is what is advertised and works great.
I use it every day, it can be protective and charged.
Work very well and no more burnt fingers.
Great product and good quality.
Good quality and well packaged for shipping.
Easy install and precise application.
Worked just like it was suppose to and at half the price.
the description was right on and so was the size.
fits my socket wrench and performs great.
It is extremely well written and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Very satisfied and came quickly.
Such a fun game and different every time.
Colourful stories and a Damn good cookbook.
A good author and a terrific read.
Good quality, look, and price.
I like the way they fit and the size is what I needed.
The handle works smoothly, and it's a good product.
Very nice and thick high quality towels.
Easy to put together, easily adjustable, and great to use.
Cleans well and doesn’t dry out hair.
It makes me feel sexy and smaller.
Super cute and looks like as advertised.
They taste great and not bad on calories.
It's a Christmas gift and I'm sure he will love it.
I love the color and it is so comfortable to wear.
Third time through this book and it’s still awesome.
I like the price and the shipping.
Works great and perfect size.
Love these bags, very clean and sturdy.
Well made and sturdy quick delivery.
Works as expected and easy to install.
Spider-Man is very good and would watch again.
These are tiny but perfect for small thread and wire.
Bought this for my daughter and is satisfied with it.
The size and quality after wash cycles is well maintained.
A few months in and still working.
Item was in brand new conditions and as described.
Great product, but for a family member and satisfied.
Works great, and it was a great value.
Fit just fine and really comfortable.
It is very easy to chop onions, tomatoes and other veggies.
Very soft cover and holds its shape well.
Is so beautiful looks so nice and professional, I love it.
Great Product no problems so far and easy to install.
The sheets are comfortable and fit well.
Pup comes out fluffy and clean.
Great prices and products.
Arrived on time and exactly as expected.
Easy to install, good price and fast delivery.
Fit was right and worked well.
I like the size and how clear the product is.
Installed easily and working perfectly.
Easy to apply and came quickly.
Easy to set up and grate implementation.
Arrived new and fully charged.
Feels great and I like the color.
Very sturdy and beautiful.
seem to be of excellent quality and quite cold.
They're awesome and great color.
Excellent product and excellent quality.
Sturdy, good drainage and we'll made.
super cute and design is on both sides.
Worked great and easy mount.
came in time and my niece loves it.
It arrived on time and was exactly as described.
But I love the collar and would definitely order another.
I own a few of the other pieces and I love it.
Great fit, and great for winter time.
love the colours and their durability.
Good quality and my girlfriend like it.
Pretty nice and clear as expected.
The blender is powerful and love the functions.
Item was as described and was shipped promptly.
It was perfect in size and great quality.
Helps baby walk and greets toy to play with.
Great pillows, very supportive and well made.
Great fit and very comfortable to wear.
This was the last one and it does not disappoint.
perfect fit and works well.
They seem to fit any chair and look good.
On time and a perfect fit.
Exactly like the picture, great material and quality.
Great fit and quality.
Very good quality and look great.
Meets and performs as expected.
They fit well, and are good.
My ladder and I thank you.
Very safe and is worth the money.
Fast shipping and really really good price.
I liked the weight and resistance when struck.
It works like a charm and takes almost no electricity.
Exactly what i wanted and more.
Works as advertised, easy on and off.
Very comfortable and perfect color.
Great fit, light weight, and exactly as pictured.
These are so cute, stretchy and fit true to size.
It's very quiet and the effect is good.
Is very attractive and nice gift for a hair salon.
I love the flavor and quality.
The eyeshadow colors were beautiful and went on buttery.
A bit big and heavy but works just fine.
As described and serves it's purpose very well.
It fit well, was well priced and easy to install.
Cute and came faster than it said.
Very cute and not too bulky.
Price, quality and amount - can't go wrong.
Very sturdy and easy to set up.
Well designed shoe bench and attractive.
Easy to assemble and looks really nice.
This gun rest is so well made and totally worth buying.
I used it in my new phone, and it works well.
Was a gift and recipient was well pleased.
Watch it to stay up on games and learn game things.
Sleek and well built.
Showed up quickly and just what I expected.
Good weight and heft; unlikely to easily crack or break.
Its really nice and worth the money.
Great game that keeps the kids busy and away from screens.
Well packed and looks good.
Product is great and feels wonderful on your face.
No issues with it and it worked great.
We bought this for a gift and the quality is phenomenal.
Fair $ and comes with pan washers.
A message of hope and peace for today.
Bought as a gift and was well received.
Affordable, easy to use and easy to store.
Perfect for my Kirby vacuum and small apartment.
Super cute and do their job very well.
Our dog likes it and eats it easily every morning.
It was easy to install and set up.
These phone cords work great for s8 phones and charge fast.
Convenient and highly functional for a player on the go.
Look great and block out the sun well.
The video quality and sound are very good.
Great and simple game my daughter enjoys it.
Easy to maneuver and you can add multiple locations.
Worked great and was very comfortable.
The bottles have a tight seal and are packaged really well.
The book is as described and arrived quickly.
Condition new and shipped fast.
came in fast and as stated would deal with again.
Great color and sparkle.
Product arrived on time and exactly as advertised.
Great freshness and flavor.
was a nice size and good quality.
My Hair is shiny and soft.
I am impressed with quality and function of handle.
It fit her watch, she says it looks and feels good.
It relaxes me within 1 h - 1 1/2 h and I can fall asleep.
Smelled amazing and felt clean, naturally.
Easy to use sturdy supports for roses and peonies.
Very comfortable and far less money than others.
Bought as gift and got great remarks about it.
Well made, comfortable and holds in what I want held in.
Very nice detail and bright colors.
Incredibly soft and very warm.
worked for like 3 months great now its dead and cold again.
Great prices and props for my photo booth company.
Works great and holding up well.
Perfect for arts and crafts for my preschool class.
Just what I wanted and more than expected.
Great Deal and Good pricing.
Arrived quickly and on the promised condition.
Different take on Vampires and this book was written well.
Overall very happy with these, cute and funny.
Great product and as described.
Used it as Christmas gifts and they loved them.
It is beautiful, fits well, and is thick material.
Such great customer service and smells so good.
I got this for my bf and he absolutely loves it.
Shipped quickly and was in great condition.
I love this band, it's lightweight and propels sweat.
Fair price and Free shipping along with decent quality .
Cute, well made and the child enjoys playing with it.
I bought the costume for my mom and she loved it.
Fits perfectly and looks nice.
It smells nice and absolutely does moisturize.
Easy to use and very effective.
Doesn't dry my skin and lasts 2 months used daily.
Yummy good, fresh and crisp.
Good quality and easy to put on.
Delivery and product arrived as expected.
Brilliant sound and great receiver.
Perfect for developing a passion for science and education.
Fit perfect and very comfortable.
very easy to use and set up.
Its great for your recreational use, stylish and cool.
Made in America and price.
As described and fits perfectly.
Really nice sound quality and are super cute.
These sheets are comfortable and seem pretty heavy duty.
its well in the ear and the sound is good.
Super cute and just what I was looking for.
Product was as shown, fit well and delivered quickly.
Great price, and helps us get through the summer.
Simple and effective masks.
Very easy to put on and take off.
My daughter is a huge Harry Potter fan and she loved it.
Mama was tickled and it looked very nice.
use this when we went to the beach and was great.
Fits and works great.
Good tasting dates, fresh and good packaging.
My son loves this book and I do too.
Smaller than expected, but still a great case and value.
Purchased this for my grandson and he loves it.
Good story with excitement suspense and surprises.
It arrived on time and in excellent condition.
Absolutely worth the money and loved by the kids.
Good price, prompt delivery and works good.
My GF, loves Juicy Jay's and this is an excellent deal.
The capsules are very easy to swallow and no fish burps.
Great color, quality and style.
This food is high quality and agrees with our dog.
Good quality and great price.
Received the product promptly and works perfectly.
Bought for a drummer and he loves them.
The balloons were so cute and very easy to blow up.
Very easy to setup and works great.
This was a gift and very well received.
Easy to use and clean.
Fast shipping and great product at such a low price.
Exactly what I needed and everything fit.
Gorgeous mirror and great customer service.
Love the storage space and always having a roll ready.
Perfect fit and quieter then the OEM belt.
Its nice looking bracelet, delicate and not gaudy.
Great build and keep your flashlight intact.
Easy to mount and works well.
Prompt service and great turnaround for delivery.
Nice price and it works well.
Fast shipping and excellent product.
Easy to install and very bright.
Perfect size and well made.
Can't see any difference between these and the HP ones.
good book and a joy to read.
The price was right and easy for my husband to install.
Great smoke flavor and good heat level.
It works and travels well.
Frame feels sturdy and was easy to affix headboard.
I liked the durability, the colorful print, and the price.
Sturdy and easily folded smaller, exactly as described.
I like this flavor, and they are energizing.
Love this dash cam and customer service is the best.
Quiet and accurate clock.
Used them to shape birch plywood and did a great job.
I got three my two boys and my ex love their MacBook Air.
Good packaging, and wonderful collection of songs.
Pretty color and dries fast.
Cute and really pretty.
Nice,The cups are of good quality and kept warm.
Product works as described and is exactly as advertised.
Arrived and fits as described.
I use this with swimsuits and jeans.
Good quality and fast shipping.
This piano have different sound and plays a nice volume.
Love them and came on time.
These fit perfectly and work.
My child likes it and it made him happy so Daddy's happy.
Large size and doesn’t irritate by kids cute cheeks.
Wife loves them and she is super hot when she wears them.
Work well and look very pretty at night.
This item is awesome it works great and will buy another.
It’s a great product and makes keeping my cards safe easy.
Such a cute design and very sturdy material.
Doesn't clog pores and lightweight.
arrived on time and in good condition's.
Easy to install and works like it should.
Awesome product and good price.
Great value - looks beautiful and easy to assemble.
My wife loves the fit and the warmth of the slippers.
Good quality and craftsmanship.
Great product, fits great and soft.
We like it and using often.
These are very well made and strong just what i wanted.
Prompt delivery and good product.
It works really well and is just the right height.
They were for back to school and are great.
Lightweight, simple and efficient-what else do you need.
Easy to use and well built.
We love this tea and it was delivered quickly.
It works very good and easy to clean.
Love them so light and comfortable.
Very durable, good price, and good length.
Nice bags, good quality and perfect size for my needs.
They fit my can and work.
Perfect to organize and charge all of the devices.
Great material and super cute.
Had no issues with installation and it is functioning fine.
works very well and priced right.
Perfect roasts and turkey during those holidays.
Arrived sooner than expected and work well.
Using this shoe for water sports and surfing.
They are great and exactly what you get in stores.
Fits perfectly and easy to install.
Beautiful and high quality workmanship.
Fast delivery and work well so far.
They are very comfortable, adjust easily and keep me warm.
Typical of such products and good price.
Fits perfectly and arrived quickly.
So easy to install and they really seem very sturdy.
Was a hostess gift and it was well received.
Very warm and fits my huge head.
CanNot beat the price and works perfectly.
Good price for 6 toothbrushes, and very comfortable to use.
Great Halloween and cosplay costume.
Nice quality and perfect way to extend a shower pipe.
Simple and perfect with sweetness overload.
Definitely love the color and comfort.
A durable and bio degradable product, my customers love it.
Very comfortable, light weight and cool.
Great colors and great quality of paper.
Love these, great fit and great price.
Epic adventure - expertly written and researched.
Love the smell and how it feels on my sore muscles.
Works Great with Iphone X and Iphone 8.
My daughter loves using it for short and long trips.
I received it on time and look forward to working on them.
Ease of ordering and installation.
The images are pristine and they feel sturdy.
Fits perfect, has great texture, and is light weight.
Loved them and very comfortable.
They are very pretty and work well.
This mantel is stylish and perfect in our new (old) home.
very good pump, good volume and pressure, low noise.
This product is is very easy to use and accurate.
I like the color and material true to the picture.
I'm a cotton six kinda guy and I really like these.
Exactly as advertised - fit great and does the job.
Very, very pleased and actually am wearing it right now.
Great book, I'm three chapters in and very pleased.
It starts off easy and gets more challenging as you go.
Love the simplicity and detail of this book.
Arrived on time and was well worth the money.
Fast shipping and worked as described.
Worked great and very easy to install.
They were big fresh and delicious.
This was a gift and she uses it by the pool.
It does the job that it was advertised and described.
Great product and service.
My son is a size 12 shoe and loves these w his birks.
These are great tennis shoes and are super comfy.
I have a couple new piercings and plan a couple more.
Comfortable with no rough edges and just the right height.
Arrived timely and as described.
Great price and work perfectly.
Love Skechers and now my husband does too.
Perfect gift for Daughter and Son-In-Law.
This was a gift and it was well received.
Easy to use and sturdy.
This got here very fast and I'm happy with the purchase.
Very sturdy and upscale looking.
Received item quickly and worked as intended.
It was accurate and awesome.
The stand is very sturdy and has a nice finish.
